0 notifications


Home
8
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
23
Notifications


Me

For Business
Reactivate Premium: 50% Off


Anna-Lena Kamenetzky-Wetzel

Founder and CEO, Touch Capital


More

Follow
Message

Anna-Lena Kamenetzky-Wetzel
· 3rd

Founder and CEO, Touch Capital

Miami Beach, Florida, United States

·

Contact info


Touch Capital

500+

connections

Message

Follow

More
About
Anna-Lena Kamenetzky is a Private Investor, Non-Executive Board Director, and a proven builder of global businesses. 
In 2022, she founded growth stage firm Touch Capital, investing in future brand leaders across food, beverage, pet and personal care. 
In 2020, she retired from JAB to focus on her own investment activities in high growth consumer companies; first with her family office K4 Family Investments, and subsequently with Touch Capital. 
In 2012, she joined the newly formed team at JAB Holding Company as one of 8 partners globally. She was instrumental in the execution of JAB’s global coffee and non-alcoholic beverages (“NAB”) strategy, which created the global # 4 in NAB and global #2 in coffee within 6 years, starting de-novo in 2012.  Mrs. Kamenetzky led the take private of the starting point for JAB’s FMCG coffee platform, Douwe Egberts, in September 2013 and its subsequent transformation. Also since then, she was a Board Member for all companies in JAB’s global FMCG coffee and beverages platform (Douwe Egberts, Jacobs Douwe Egberts, Keurig Green Mountain and Keurig Dr. Pepper). Mrs. Kamenetzky also co-led the merger of Douwe Egberts with the carved- out coffee business of Mondelez, gaining valuable experience in the execution and implementation of highly complex, multi-national carve outs and co-led the subsequent large transactions in this platform. In addition to her role as Partner at JAB Holding Company, Anna-Lena also co-headed the JAB Consumer Fund, where she was instrumental in raising over $17bn in 7 years from some of the most reputable investors in the world. Prior executive experience includes Vice President at Goldman Sachs (Frankfurt, New York, London) and Managing Director at private equity firm RHJI (Tokyo, Zurich).

Activity
1,196 followers


Follow

Posts

Comments
View Anna-Lena Kamenetzky-Wetzel’s profile
Anna-Lena Kamenetzky-Wetzel reposted this


View Grace Gould’s profile
Grace Gould

  • 3rd+

Co-Founder & General Partner at Touch Capital

10mo • 

Four of our portfolio companies, CookUnity, Oats Overnight, LesserEvil Brand Snack Co., and Catalina Crunch, have made it to the 2025 #Inc5000 list of America’s fastest-growing private companies! This achievement is a testament to the incredible products and services they are delivering to consumers. Kudos to these companies for their well-deserved recognition.

Fantastic spotlight in Inc. Magazine on the Cook Unity team here as part of the list: https://lnkd.in/e-N6tH75

At Touch Capital we are looking forward to continuing to invest in visionary entrepreneurs who are reshaping consumer trends.

Anna-Lena Kamenetzky-Wetzel
Touch Capital… more


How This Upscale Meal-Delivery Service Attracted 180 Chefs and $350 Million in SalesHow This Upscale Meal-Delivery Service Attracted 180 Chefs and $350 Million in Sales

inc.com


181

10

1
View Anna-Lena Kamenetzky-Wetzel’s profile
Anna-Lena Kamenetzky-Wetzel reposted this


View Grace Gould’s profile
Grace Gould

  • 3rd+

Co-Founder & General Partner at Touch Capital

1yr • 

Huge congratulations to Charles Coristine, Andrew Strife and the entire LesserEvil Brand Snack Co. team. Your vision and dedication to create incredible, better-for-you snacks has been such an inspiration. Anna-Lena Kamenetzky-Wetzel and I have loved working with you through Touch Capital and excited for this next chapter for Homer & Co!
… more

View company: LesserEvil Brand Snack Co.
LesserEvil Brand Snack Co.

 

1yr • 

From our humble beginnings to where we are today, LesserEvil has always been about more than just snacks—it’s about a commitment to better ingredients, better practices, and better-for-you choices. That’s why we’re thrilled to share that we’re joining The Hershey Company, an organization that believes in our mission and will help us bring our clean, delicious snacks to even more people.

What’s staying the same? Everything that makes us, us. Our recipes, our ingredients, our values, and our commitment to clean snacking aren’t going anywhere. This next step allows us to dream even bigger, reach more snackers, and continue doing what we love—making better-for-you snacks more accessible to all.

Thank you for being part of this journey with us—there’s so much more to come, and we can’t wait to share it with you. ❤️ 🍿 

The transaction remains subject to regulatory approval with anticipated closing later this year.… more

View image

50

2

1
View Anna-Lena Kamenetzky-Wetzel’s profile
Anna-Lena Kamenetzky-Wetzel reposted this


View Grace Gould’s profile
Grace Gould

  • 3rd+

Co-Founder & General Partner at Touch Capital

1yr • 

Excited to share that Touch Capital has led the Series A funding round for the  Korean luxury fragrance label, BORNTOSTANDOUT.  Since its inception in 2022, Founder Jun Lim has applied a distinctive, boundary pushing approach to  fragrance and has steered the brand to rapid global expansion, establishing premium retail presence in 60 countries worldwide. 

My colleague Anna-Lena Kamenetzky-Wetzel will be stepping onto the board, and we'll be focused on supporting BORNTOSTANDOUT's ongoing international expansion. It has been a pleasure collaborating with Presca Ahn and the team at BOLD, the venture fund of L’Oréal, to invest in this incredibly unique brand. 

Thank you Kathryn Hopkins and the WWD team for their announcement here: https://lnkd.in/e3c-4rUm

#LuxuryFragrance #GlobalExpansion #SeriesA … more


EXCLUSIVE: Korean Niche Fragrance Brand Borntostandout Secures Series A FundingEXCLUSIVE: Korean Niche Fragrance Brand Borntostandout Secures Series A Funding

wwd.com


216

13

1

Show all posts
Experience
Touch Capital logo
Founder and CEO

Touch Capital · Full-time

Mar 2022 - Present · 4 yrs 5 mos

Miami, Florida, United States

Touch Capital is a growth stage firm investing in future brand leaders across food, beverages, pet and personal care

SIXT logo
Non-Executive Board Member

SIXT · Part-time

May 2022 - Present · 4 yrs 3 mos

Kitu Life Inc. Super Coffee logo
Non Executive Director

Kitu Life Inc. Super Coffee · Part-time

Dec 2020 - Oct 2024 · 3 yrs 11 mos

K4 Family Investments logo
Investor

K4 Family Investments · Full-time

Jul 2020 - Mar 2022 · 1 yr 9 mos

Miami, Florida, United States and Milan, Italy

Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. logo
Non Executive Board Member

Keurig Dr Pepper Inc.

Mar 2016 - Dec 2020 · 4 yrs 10 mos

Burlington, MA and Plano, TX

Show all
Education
WHU – Otto Beisheim School of Management logo
WHU – Otto Beisheim School of Management

German diploma, Business Administration and Management, General

1998 – 1999

emlyon business school logo
emlyon business school

Double diploma program; French “Diplome de l’EM Lyon”, Business Administration and Management, General

1997 – 1998

Show all 4 educations
Volunteering

Investment Committee member

Smithsonian Institution

Feb 2023 - Present · 3 yrs 6 mos

Education


Non Executive Board Member

DKMS gemeinnützige GmbH

Nov 2019 - Present · 6 yrs 9 mos

Health

Skills (6)
Strategy

1 endorsement

Corporate Finance

Show all
Interests

Top Voices

Companies

Newsletters

Schools

Bill Gates 

· 3rd+

Chair, Gates Foundation and Founder, Breakthrough Energy

40,485,184 followers


Follow

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language


English (English)
Antony SalehStatus is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.