0 notifications

I'm looking for…

Home
8
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
23
Notifications


Me

For Business
Reactivate Premium: 50% Off


Beatriz Franco

Chief Operating Officer - Argentem Creek Partners


More

Follow
Message

Beatriz Franco
· 3rd

Chief Operating Officer - Argentem Creek Partners

New York, United States

·

Contact info


Argentem Creek Partners

Message

Follow

More
Featured
Link


How this former lawyer, banker and AgTech CEO became one of the most sought-after angel investors in FoodTech and sustainable materials | FoodHack

https://foodhack.global/articles/beatriz-franco-angel-investor/

Post

Excited to share our latest article uncovering a promising sector in climate tech. 

Not a day goes by without headlines reminding us of the consequences of #climatechange, and it's clear that we need "all hands on deck." As we talk about a sector that has been overlooked by generalist investors, I can't help but feel hopeful about the huge opportunity for impact and returns waiting on the sidelines. 

When coming up with the concept for this article with Maya Benami, PhD, we decided to tackle important considerations for investors, with the view that this can help demystify nascent technologies and increase the support for amazing founders in the climate tech space who are making a real difference for our planet. 

https://lnkd.in/e2FUjgMX

Brita Rosenheim Vita Vera Ventures

#climatetech #climateinvestment #foodtech #precisionfermentation


Uncovering a Promising Sector in Climate Tech

medium.com

94 reactions · 5 comments94 · 5 comments

Link


US's 50+ Top Climate VC's To Know | ClimateHack Weekly

ClimateHack Weekly

Activity
2,960 followers


Follow
Beatriz Franco commented on a post

•

3mo

Such a great event and thank you Joyce Chang for hosting!

Beatriz Franco commented on a post

•

5mo

Parabens Vita! Muito sucesso!!

Beatriz Franco commented on a post

•

6mo

Parabens Grenfel!!!!!

Show all comments
Experience
Argentem Creek Partners logo
Chief Operating Officer

Argentem Creek Partners · Full-time

May 2025 - Present · 1 yr 3 mos

New York, United States

Vita Vera Ventures logo
Managing Partner

Vita Vera Ventures · Full-time

2023 - 2024 · 1 yr

New York

Vita Vera Ventures invests in early-stage Food Tech innovators who are solving the challenges of our food system. We apply our industry-leading insights, personal passion, diverse viewpoints and robust network to help support a more sustainable, resilient and healthy food system.… more

Portfolia logo
Partner, Food & Agtech Fund

Portfolia

2021 - 2024 · 3 yrs

New York, United States

Portfolia's dedicated Food & AgTech Fund invests into tech-driven companies improving how America’s food is created, produced, packaged, delivered and shared. 

Advanced Potash Technologies logo
CEO

Advanced Potash Technologies

2017 - 2020 · 3 yrs

New York City Metropolitan Area

Agtech - “We developed a technology that transforms a common mineral with no economic value into a sustainable fertilizer that increases yield and soil health year over year”

Plum Alley Investments logo
Director of Investments

Plum Alley Investments

2017 - 2018 · 1 yr

New York City Metropolitan Area

Show all
Education
NYU Stern School of Business logo
NYU Stern School of Business

Advanced Valuation

2021 – 2021

Prof Aswath Damodaran

New York University School of Law logo
New York University School of Law

Master’s Degree, Corporate Law

1999

Grade: LL.M

Activities and societies: Journal of International Law and Politics, Staff Editor

 NYU Law School Partial Scholarship awarded on basis of academic merit

Show all 4 educations
Volunteering

Consultant

The Acceleration Project

Oct 2016 - Oct 2021 · 5 yrs 1 mo

Economic Empowerment

Provide strategic advice to small businesses to accelerate growth and support the vitality of local economies. Assess client needs and create structured, action-oriented plan to drive short- and long-term growth.


Board Member

Behind the Book

Aug 2007 - Apr 2009 · 1 yr 9 mos

Education

Recommendations

Received (4)

Given
Jaime Mercado 

· 3rd

Partner at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP

September 16, 2020, Beatriz was Jaime’s client

I’ve known Beatriz for more than 20 years. We met when I was a young associate at Simpson Thacher where we worked together for several years. Since then, we’ve collaborated on a variety of matters, including during her years at JPMorgan and since she assumed the role of CEO at Advanfed Potash Technologies. Beatriz has always been a consummate professional, exceptionally bright and experienced, a natural leader and dedicated to excellence. 

Her broad experience over the years at the top institutions in the world in the various professional stages of her life give Beatriz a robust perspective that has been a major contributor to her success. Beatriz is a terrific asset for any company regardless of its lifecycle, from startup to established late stage.… more


Cassio Azevedo 

· 3rd

Destravando o valor de equity das empresas tech com soluções criativas de financiamento!

August 20, 2020, Cassio worked with Beatriz on the same team

It does not take much to realize that Beatriz is a brilliant, easygoing and hardworking professional, but what really stood out in our time working together was her inspiring way to be intellectually honest and humble, always in the pursuit for what is right whatever the context. Situations that need a leader with analytical capabilities to debate, design and choose between complicated scenarios, plus the positive energy to execute on it, will be more than well served with you. 

Show all
Publications
International Business Transactions with Brazil

Co-edited with other IBRADEMP directors and co-authored the chapter on “Hybrid Securities”

Languages (4)
English

Native or bilingual proficiency

French

Elementary proficiency

Show all 4 languages
Organizations
Women in VC

Member · Sep 2022 – Present

Women in VC is the world's largest community for women in venture capital to connect, collaborate, and create opportunities for each other. Our global community now includes 4,000+ women investors across 2,500+ venture funds spanning 200+ cities and 65+ countries.… more

Pipeline Angels

Investor · Mar 2017 – Present

Pipeline Angels, (http://pipelineangels.com), a network of new and seasoned women investors, is changing the face of angel investing and creating capital for women and non-binary femme social entrepreneurs.

Interests

Top Voices

Companies

Groups

Newsletters

Schools

Renata Moraes Vichi 

· 3rd

Board Member Grupo CRM (Kopenhagen,Brasil Cacau e Kop Koffee)

68,298 followers


Follow

Scott Galloway 

· 3rd

Professor of Marketing, NYU Stern | Bestselling Author | Founder, Prof G Media | Host #ProfGPod, #PivotPodcast, #ProfGMarkets, #RagingModerates

956,411 followers


Follow
Show all

More profiles for you

Daniel Chapman 

· 3rd

Founder & CEO at Argentem Creek Partners

Message

B. Craig Hutson 

· 3rd

Mentor & Advisor to CPG Brands | Angel Investor | Venture Capital | Food & Ag Tech | Bluetech | Entrepreneur

Message
Maarten Terlouw 

· 3rd

President & Co-Chief Investment Officer


Follow

Alicia Robb 

· 3rd

Economist, Author, Fund Manager, CFO, and Business Consultant

Message

Annie Yung 

· 3rd

Business Development & Head of Investor Relations at Argentem Creek Partners

Message
Show all
People you may know
From Beatriz's industry


Muyiwa Ogunsola 

· 2nd

Co-Founder @ Sooz

Connect

Malak Laham 

· 2nd

Computers and People Person

Connect

Artem Khobnya 

· 2nd

Efficiency and AI Tools | TDK Ventures

Connect

Pankaj Shah

· 2nd

Managing Director, Sankhara

Connect
Show all
You might like
Newsletters for you

The Monthly AI Recap
The Monthly AI Recap

A curated look at the biggest AI news, updates and breakthroughs from Google.

Published monthly

Google
Google


Subscribe
Technology & Innovation News
Technology & Innovation News

Stay ahead of the curve with curated insights on breakthrough technologies and industry trends.

Published biweekly

Siemens
Siemens


Subscribe
Show all

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language


English (English)
Antony SalehStatus is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.