0 notifications

I'm looking for…

Home
8
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
23
Notifications


Me

For Business
Reactivate Premium: 50% Off


Betsy Z. Cohen

Co-Founder and Chairman, Cohen Circle


More

Follow
Message
Cover photo

Betsy Z. Cohen
· 3rd

Co-Founder and Chairman, Cohen Circle

New York, United States

·

Contact info


Cohen Circle


University of Pennsylvania Carey Law School

Message

Follow

More
About
Betsy Cohen builds financial businesses.  After serving as Law Clerk to the Honorable John Biggs, Chief Judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, she became the second female law professor on the East Coast, teaching Antitrust Law and Government Regulation of Business at Rutgers University Law School. Using that knowledge capital, before age 30 Betsy had founded a shipping business in Hong Kong, a leasing company in Brazil, and a joint venture with a bank in Spain, and co-founded a Philadelphia law firm that specialized in representing financial institutions and industry clients in complex real estate and financial matters.  (Betsy ceased practicing law in 1984.) Following the passage of the Bank Holding Act, Betsy consulted to small and mid-sized banks and bank holding companies nationwide on debt restructuring, recapitalization, and regulatory issues. She then founded publicly-traded companies in banking, real estate, real estate lending, investing, and development. Since 2015 she has led five special purpose acquisition companies (SPACs) which in aggregate have raised $1.5 billion.

Betsy is affiliated with many corporate and non-profit boards, currently serving as Chairman of Fintech Acquisition Corp. III; a member of the Board of Directors of Metromile, Inc.; Vice Chairman, Executive Committee member and Secretary of Asia Society; Founding Member of the Asia Society Policy Institute; Trustee of The Brookings Institution; Honorary Trustee of the Metropolitan Museum of Art; and Treasurer, Managing Director, and Finance Committee member of The Metropolitan Opera.

Betsy is the recipient of numerous awards, among them named in 1997 one of 50 leading female entrepreneurs of the world by the National Foundation for Women Business Owners, ranked in several years among the 25 outstanding Women Bankers and in 2009 named By US Banker as one of 25 Women to Watch.

Featured
Link


'There are risks': Betsy Cohen on banking as a service

American Banker

Link


Why Dealmaker Betsy Cohen Believes SPACs Will Make A Comeback

Forbes

The longtime banking entrepreneur and fintech investor made a fortune helping companies go public through reverse mergers before the market cratered. Here’s why she hasn’t given up on the out-of-favor financing vehicle.

Link


Betsy Cohen On Tech Investing and How SVB Failed Banking 101

Bloomberg.com

The tech world is in a precarious moment. Valuations are down. The IPO window seems shut. SPACs are a thing of the past. And the industry's pre-eminent bank just went bust. So what now? Where are the opportunities and what should people look for? On this episode, we speak with Betsy Cohen, the veteran dealmaker, SPAC innovator, and the co-founder and chairman of investment firm Cohen Circle. We discuss the state of the tech market and how Silicon Valley Bank failed at Banking 101.

Link


Cohen Circle replaces Fintech Masala

Axios

Betsy and Daniel Cohen-Backed Firm Organizes Venture and SPAC Investments Under New Name – Cohen Circle

Media

Wall Street legend Betsy Cohen talks SPACs and current market conditions

Betsy Cohen sits down with Liz Claman of The Claman Countdown on Fox Business News to discuss current market conditions, her advice to SPAC investors, and whether celebrity-backed SPACs are headed for a train wreck.

Show all featured items

Activity
1,997 followers


Follow
Betsy Z. Cohen commented on a post

•

10mo

Congrats Blythe! 🎉

Betsy Z. Cohen commented on a post

•

11mo

Congrats Blythe! 🎉

Show all comments
Experience
Cohen Circle logo
Co-Founder and Chairman

Cohen Circle

Jan 2015 - Present · 11 yrs 7 mos

New York, United States

Founder and Chairman of Cohen Circle, an investment firm providing transformative capital to late stage fintech growth companies.

Chairman of the following SPACs:
- FTAC Emerald Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: EMLDU)
- FTAC Hera Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: HERAU)
- FTAC Athena Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: FTAAU; "FTAA")
- FTAC Olympus Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: FTOC)
- FinTech Acquisition Corp. IV (NASDAQ: FTIV)
- FinTech Acquisition Corp. III
- FinTech Acquisition Corp. II
- FinTech Acquisition Corp.… more

Radiate Capital logo
Senior Managing Partner

Radiate Capital

2023 - Present · 3 yrs 7 mos

New York, New York, United States

Radiate Capital invests in health and financial services businesses that seek to create a better tomorrow. Our women-led team is dedicated to identifying companies that can provide solutions to critical global issues alongside compelling financial returns.… more

The Bancorp Bank logo
CEO

The Bancorp Bank

2000 - 2014 · 14 yrs

Founded The Bancorp Bank, an FDIC-insured online commercial bank headquartered in Wilmington, DE, that delivers a full array of financial services and products both directly and through more than 300 private-label affinity partner programs nationwide.  The Bancorp Bank is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Bancorp, Inc., a financial holding company. When it was introduced in 2000, The Bancorp Bank’s ability to create customized banks for affinity partners set a new standard in financial services innovation. Today The Bancorp remains a leader as one of the few national banks dedicated to providing private-label banking and technology solutions for non-bank companies. After stepping down as CEO, Betsy continues to serve in an advisory capacity.
… more

Founder, Chairman, CEO

Jefferson Bank; JeffBanks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JEFF)

1974 - 2000 · 26 yrs

At age 32, Betsy raised capital and received regulatory approval to found Jefferson Bank, the first new bank in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 11 years. Becoming the only female bank CEO in Pennsylvania, Betsy served continuously as Jefferson Bank’s Chairman and CEO, as well as Chairman and CEO of its holding company, JeffBanks, Inc. (NASDAQ: “JEFF”), until selling the company to Hudson United Bancshares (NYSE: “HU”) in early 2000.  Jeffbanks grew to be the largest financial institution headquartered in Philadelphia and the single largest employer in Downingtown, where the Bank's operations center was located. The subsidiaries of JeffBanks, Jefferson Bank and Jefferson Bank New Jersey, were FDIC-insured commercial banks that served the greater Philadelphia region with 31 branch offices in six counties.  
… more

Education
University of Pennsylvania Carey Law School logo
University of Pennsylvania Carey Law School

Doctor of Law - JD, Law

1963 – 1966

Activities and societies: Article Editor of The Law Review; Order of the Coif

Bryn Mawr College logo
Bryn Mawr College

B.A., Philosophy

1963 – Present

Skills (27)
Board of Directors

CEOs

Show all
Honors & awards (12)
25 Women to Watch

Issued by US Banker · Jan 2009

Sandra Day O’Connor Board Excellence Award

Jan 2008

Show all 12 honors & awards
Organizations (4)
Asia Society 

Vice Chairman, Executive Committee; Secretary; Founding Member, Asia Society Policy Institute

Metropolitan Museum of Art

Honorary Trustee

Show all 4 organizations
Interests

Top Voices

Companies

Newsletters

Schools

Anthony Scaramucci 

· 3rd

Founder & Managing Partner, SkyBridge; Founder & Chairman, SALT.  Host of The Rest is Politics US, Open Book, & All Things Markets

359,476 followers


Follow

Edith Cooper 

· 2nd

Co-Founder of Medley | Board Director, PepsiCo and Amazon

184,369 followers


Follow

More profiles for you

Amanda Abrams 

· 3rd

Chief Executive Officer at Cohen Circle

Message

Max Smeal 

· 3rd

Chief Financial Officer at Cohen Circle

Message

Corinne Bortniker

· 3rd

Principal at Radiate Capital

Message

Jeffrey Blomstrom

· 3rd

Managing Director at Cohen Circle

Message

Nate Pontician 

· 3rd

Early-Stage Fintech Investor | Cohen Circle

Message
Show all
People you may know
From Betsy Z.'s industry


Muyiwa Ogunsola 

· 2nd

Co-Founder @ Sooz

Connect

Malak Laham 

· 2nd

Computers and People Person

Connect

Artem Khobnya 

· 2nd

Efficiency and AI Tools | TDK Ventures

Connect

Pankaj Shah

· 2nd

Managing Director, Sankhara

Connect
Show all
You might like
Pages for you


Cursor

Software Development

367,886 followers


Alex & 20 other connections follow this page


Follow

Spotify

Musicians

4,590,818 followers


Matthew & 13 other connections follow this page


Follow
Show all

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language


English (English)
Antony SalehStatus is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.