0 notifications


Home
8
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
23
Notifications


Me

For Business
Reactivate Premium: 50% Off


Carmen Palafox

Investing at day zero in technology startups.


More
Message
Connect
Cover photo

Carmen Palafox
· 2nd

Investing at day zero in technology startups.

Santa Monica, California, United States

·

Contact info


2045 Capital


Haas School of Business, UC Berkeley

500+

connections


Raed A. is a mutual connection

Connect
Message

More
About
Carmen Palafox has over 20 years of experience in finance, and an established record of investing across industries including Climate tech, Fintech, Health tech, and consumer.

Carmen is the founding partner at 2045 ventures, a partner at MiLA Capital, and a venture partner at How Women Invest. She is also an Adjunct Professor teaching venture capital at USC Marshall School of Business.

Prior to venture capital, she was Vice President at Dimensional Fund Advisors where she scaled investment operations going from $75 Billion AUM to $300 Billion AUM.

Carmen believes in the power of capital markets to spur growth and innovation. She enjoys coaching entrepreneurs on finance and strategic planning.

Carmen was awarded the Rising Star Award from the Los Angeles Latino Chamber of Commerce.  She was spotlighted by the NVCA as a Rising Star in VC and featured by LA Magazine as 1 of 13 of LA’s Powerful Women. In 2019, Carmen spoke on Bloomberg TVs Top Tech Trends to watch. Carmen is also on the founding team of LatinxVCs.

Carmen holds a BA in Economics from the University of Southern California, an MA in Sports Management from the University of San Francisco, and an MBA from Berkeley-Haas.… more

Featured
Link


Lights, Camera…All Raise Los Angeles!

Medium

It’s official — All Raise is starting an L.A. chapter. Find out how to join our new, vibrant community of founders, funders, and allies.

Link


The Spoon: Defining Strategies for Investing in Food Tech 

The Spoon

A panel examing the world of food tech and smart kitchen investing.  

Moderator: Ashley Daigneault.  Panel: Carman Palafox, MiLA Capital, Tom Mastrobouni, Tyson Ventures

Activity
11,215 followers


Follow

Posts

Comments

Images
View Carmen Palafox’s profile
Carmen Palafox reposted this


View company: The Earthshot Prize
The Earthshot Prize

 

1w • 

Form Energy is building breakthrough 100-hour batteries designed to enable a more reliable and clean electric grid.

Following their recent announcement of their first international deployment in Ireland, the 2025 Earthshot Prize Finalist has ambitious plans to scale their solution globally.

Read more in @thetimes: https://lnkd.in/e9qjb5JS … more

View image

262

​

17
View Carmen Palafox’s profile
Carmen Palafox

  • 2nd

Investing at day zero in technology startups.

2d • 


Elise Brown and Heather Wilson thank you for brining our LA VC community together. What an awesome way to start a summer day! A nutritious breakfast, great company, and an honest convo about what we're all seeing in today's fundraising market. I really appreciated the insights on comms and the practical fundraising tips. Always valuable to exchange perspectives with these good friends...

Anay Shah, Stepchange
Austin Clements, Slauson & Co.
Britt Danneman, Alpha Edison
Dulari Amin, Sidelines
Edwin Andrade, Core Innovation Capital,
Fen Zhao, Alpha Edison
Heather Carter, Money Fund
Howard Ko, Morpheus Ventures
Jed Leidheiser, March Capital
Jennifer Byrne, Grit Capital Partners
Kunal Tandon, El Cap Holdings
Laura Katzman
Mark Mullen, Bonfire Ventures
Rachel Hirsch, Wellness Growth Ventures
Stephanie Nwokolo Hussey, OpenSky Ventures
Win Chevapravatdumrong, M13
… more

View company: All Raise
All Raise

 

1w • 

Thank you to the incredible investors in the community that came out to our Executive Table hosted in LA this week!

We brought together 20+ fund managers for a candid conversation on fundraising strategies, co-hosted with Heather Wilson at FTI Consulting. 

We are looking forward to hosting even more in the second half of the year!

#AllRaise #ExecutiveTable #VentureCapital #LPFundraising … more

View image

34

2

​
View Carmen Palafox’s profile
Carmen Palafox reposted this


View Blake Caldwell’s profile
Blake Caldwell

  • 3rd+

CEO at FoundersBoost

1w • 

I love helping to accelerate startup growth! Know others that do too? Please refer them to our many paid part-time roles! (Marketing + Accelerator Leads):

(1) Marketing Manager for FoundersBoost
(2) Accelerator Leads for:
    [a] Healthcare & Accessibility (NEW, mostly virtual)
    [b] Consumer Commerce-Tech (NEW, FoundersBoost Glendale)
    [c] LA Generalist (FoundersBoost Los Angeles)
    [d] NYC Generalist (FoundersBoost NYC)

We have paid roles for co-directors and program managers. 

I'm so excited for what this fall has in store. And I'll share some big updates soon (spoiler alert for those who read the JD's).

#FoundersBoost #Jobs #Accelerator #VC
mvmt ventures … more


FoundersBoost Roles: Marketing Manager & 4x Accelerator Leads: Healthcare | SoCal Commerce-Tech | NYC Generalist | LA Generalist (Paid Part-time)

FoundersBoost

Glendale, CA (Hybrid)

View job

75

3

24
View Carmen Palafox’s profile
Carmen Palafox reposted this


View Claudia Bardales’ profile
Claudia Bardales

  • 3rd+

Co-Founder | Linker Finance

2w • 

We’re looking for our next BDR. Know someone great? #hiring


Business Development Representative (BDR) – Expansion Focus 

Linker Finance

United States (Remote)

View job

31

1

6
View Carmen Palafox’s profile
Carmen Palafox reposted this


View Richie Serna’s profile
Richie Serna

  • 2nd

CEO & Co-Founder at Finix

2w • 

Finix is hiring a Partnerships Leader to own and grow our strategic relationships with accelerators and venture capital firms here in San Francisco.

This is an opportunity to sit at the intersection of payments infrastructure and the startup world, building relationships that shape how the next generation of companies handle their finances from day one.

If that sounds like you (or someone you know), I'd love to connect. Drop a comment, send me a DM, or apply directly through the link below.

https://lnkd.in/geqHuQwz… more


Finix - Startup & VC Partnerships ManagerFinix - Startup & VC Partnerships Manager

jobs.lever.co


199

14

20
View Carmen Palafox’s profile
Carmen Palafox reposted this


View Jessica Salinas’ profile
Jessica Salinas

 • 2nd

Co President, New Media Ventures (NMV) and New Rising Ventures (NRV)

2w • 

We're hiring an Associate Director of Development at New Media Ventures (NMV) + New Rising Ventures... and the opportunity to work with me is closing soon 😅

We're a small but mighty team doing big things at the intersection of the progressive movement, media, and capital. If you know how to build funder relationships, close gifts, and translate mission into money (and you want to do it at an org that actually walks the talk), this one's for you.

Small team. Big mission. Real ownership.

$107k–$130k | Remote-first | Apply by June 14… more

View company: New Media Ventures (NMV)
New Media Ventures (NMV)

3w • 

Work with us! We're looking for someone who can grow our funder pipeline, turn connections into capital and shape our communications strategy.

Apply here: https://lnkd.in/ggjmxjWt
… more

View image

17

1

2
View Carmen Palafox’s profile
Carmen Palafox reposted this


View Shiri Friedman’s profile
Shiri Friedman

  • 3rd+

VP Marketing

3w • 

I'm hiring and love warm referrals!
Metabase is a beloved open source tool for BI and data analysis.  
With tens of thousands of users, we have an enviable organic footprint across the internet (reddit and beyond).
We're a small team (~110), truly global (remote-only) with great finances.
Roles do NOT have to be based in US.  
Extra points if you've worked in data, or for an open source product, or both!
-Demand Generation
-Developer Advocate
-Global Community Events
-Product Marketing
All jobs here: https://lnkd.in/eauCMKWQ… more


Work at MetabaseWork at Metabase

metabase.com


402

35

33
View Carmen Palafox’s profile
Carmen Palafox reposted this


View company: Sorenson Impact
Sorenson Impact

4w • 

👋 Our Venture Capital & Impact Investing team is looking for a Senior Associate to join our Salt Lake City-based venture investing and student training program.

The Senior Associate will join a team investing in high-impact entrepreneurs to drive meaningful positive impact and simultaneously train the next generation of finance and impact investing professionals. The right candidate will have 4+ years of experience in investing or related fields and a commitment to social innovation and impact.

🔗 Learn more and apply here, or share this opportunity with your network! https://lnkd.in/e2Y-6Jh6


#JobOpening #ImpactCareer #ImpactInvesting #VentureCapital University of Utah - David Eccles School of Business… more

We're hiring! Senior Associate, Venture Capital and Impact Investing. Apply now.

146

5

42
View Carmen Palafox’s profile
Carmen Palafox reposted this


View Mohamad Fayez Taha’s profile
Mohamad Fayez Taha

  • 3rd+

Building the agentic AI nervous system for manufacturing.

4w • 

I’m #hiring. Know anyone who might be interested?


64

8

3
View Carmen Palafox’s profile
Carmen Palafox reposted this


View Melissa Montan’s profile, hiring
Melissa Montan

  • 2nd

VP, Platform & Marketing @ March Capital

1mo • 

I'm hiring! I'm looking for a builder — someone smart, resourceful, and who moves fast. You'll work on The Montgomery Summit, managing our network, and bringing AI into everything we do at March Capital. In short, you'll figure out what needs to happen and make it happen. Plus, it's a lot of fun.… more


Platform & Marketing Analyst 

March Capital

Santa Monica, CA (On-site)

View job

74

7

10

Show all posts
Experience
2045 Capital logo
Founding Partner, 2045 ventures

2045 Capital

Oct 2021 - Present · 4 yrs 10 mos

Los Angeles, California, United States

University of Southern California - Marshall School of Business logo
Adjunct Professor

University of Southern California - Marshall School of Business

Aug 2022 - Present · 4 yrs

United States

I'm an Adjunct Professor at USC Marshall School of Business and the  Lloyd Greif Center for Entrepreneurial Studies. I lead graduate-level students through a course on "Investing in New Ventures" through the lens of a venture capitalist.… more

MiLA Capital (Make in LA) logo
Partner

MiLA Capital (Make in LA)

Oct 2015 - Present · 10 yrs 10 mos

Los Angeles Metropolitan Area

MiLA Capital is a seed-stage venture capital firm that invests in tech you can touch. With a proven track record, MiLA offers a bespoke, dynamic experience with access to hard and soft resources.

We continue to build on a strong foundation. We find, nurture, and invest in promising hardware (tech you can touch) companies.

At MiLA Capital, we are obsessed with technology-enabled startups, especially those working on mobility, IoT, robotics, rockets, new materials, unwearables, and medical devices.… more

How Women Invest logo
Venture Partner

How Women Invest

Jan 2023 - Present · 3 yrs 7 mos

United States · Hybrid

How Women Invest is an early stage venture firm, and sister entity to How Women Lead, a professional network of over 14,000 women. We see that female founders are a force to be reckoned with and are part of an untapped venture capital landscape. We will invest in U.S. based, female-led and female-majority owned companies in most industry sectors.… more

Cap Table Coalition logo
Investor

Cap Table Coalition

Jan 2021 - Present · 5 yrs 7 mos

Show all
Education
University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business logo
University of California, Berkeley, Haas School of Business

Master of Business Administration (MBA)

2012 – 2014

University of San Francisco logo
University of San Francisco

MA, Sports Management

Show all 4 educations
Licenses & certifications
FINRA logo
Series 7- Lapsed

FINRA

FINRA logo
Series 24- Lapsed

FINRA

Volunteering (10)

Board Of Directors

National Venture Capital Association

Economic Empowerment


Steering Committee Member, Los Angeles

All Raise

Sep 2019 - Present · 6 yrs 11 mos

Economic Empowerment

Show all 10 volunteer experiences
Skills (23)
Relationship Building


Endorsed by 3 people in the last 6 months

11 endorsements

Process Improvement

27 endorsements

Show all
Recommendations

Received

Given (3)
Nothing to see for now

Recommendations that Carmen receives will appear here.

Publications (4)
Carmen Palafox Venture Capitalist 

LA Style Magazine · Sep 7, 2019

Show publication
Tech Entrepreneurs and Investors Learn G.R.I.T. at Splash LA 

Latinas in Business  · Oct 21, 2016

Show publication
Show all 4 publications
Honors & awards (4)
Honoree 

Issued by Mexican American Opportunity Foundation  · Jan 2019


Associated with MiLA Capital (Make in LA)

Rising Stars

Issued by NVCA · Oct 2018


Associated with MiLA Capital (Make in LA)

NVCA Rising Starts showcases individuals in the venture industry from different backgrounds and across the workforce to share experiences, spotlight their journeys and successes, and educate the next generation of people considering a career in venture capital.… more

Show all 4 honors & awards
Languages
Spanish

Interests

Top Voices

Companies

Groups

Newsletters

Schools

Jenny Fielding 

· 2nd

Co-founder + General Partner at Everywhere Ventures 🚀

58,283 followers


Follow

Kate Brandt 

· 3rd

Chief Sustainability Officer at Google

231,989 followers


Follow
Show all

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language


English (English)
Antony SalehStatus is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.