0 notifications


Home
8
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
23
Notifications


Me

For Business
Reactivate Premium: 50% Off


Casey Caruso

Founder and Managing Partner at Topology Ventures


More

Follow
Message
Cover photo

Casey Caruso
· 3rd

Founder and Managing Partner at Topology Ventures

San Francisco, California, United States

·

Contact info


Topology Ventures

500+

connections

Message

Follow

More
Activity
3,443 followers


Follow

Posts

Comments
View Casey Caruso’s profile
Casey Caruso reposted this


View Alex Dees’ profile
Alex Dees

  • 3rd+

Co-founder & CEO @ Meridian

Visit my website

8mo • 

Introducing Meridian: The first Visibility Engine that gets your brand ranked #1 by AI. 

Last month, Google crushed SEO.....

They removed the num=100 search parameter.

You used to be able to see 100 results per page. Now you only see 10.

This simple change was catastrophic, here's why: 

AI systems start with Google’s indexed web before layering their own crawlers.

By cutting off deep search pages, Google effectively throttled what LLMs can access beyond the top 10 results.

Search Engine Land said 87.7% of sites saw a drop in impressions, and 77.6% lost unique ranking terms within weeks.

→Reddit, which often ranked between #11–#50, saw a steep decline in LLM mentions and a 15% dip in its stock shortly after. 

→Monday .com saw a 40% drop in its market cap because of AI overviews too. 

If your brand isn’t ranking inside the top 10, you’re invisible... not only to people, but to AI systems that now decide what gets recommended.
------------------------------------
Meridian fixes this by getting you ranked and recommended in 3 ways:

A: Audits the invisible:
Meridian runs hundreds of prompts like "best marathon shoes" across ChatGPT, Google, and Perplexity to reveal how and if you are ranked. If you don't know how you brands ranks right now, Meridian will solve this for you in minutes. 

B: Rewrites your digital DNA:
It crawls your site like an AI model would, line by line and schema by schema, then repairs your metadata and structured data, so AI systems understand (and recommend) you correctly.

C: Injects your brand into the machine:
Meridian reverse-engineers why LLMs recommend your competitors—then fixes it automatically. If a competitor ranks because of a Reddit thread, Meridian detects it, analyzes the trust signal and then tells you what to do. 

Brands using Meridian have seen 200% the traffic from AI search after 2 months. 

Companies like Blind, Shed, and Generation Lab use us to drastically increase their traffic from AI. 

I'm so confident we'll help increase your AI visibility that I'm making Meridian 100% free to try with this link: https://trymeridian.com/
------------------------------------
To celebrate this launch, we built the world’s first FREE AI Visibility Scanner.

Type in your domain: We’ll run dozens of live prompts across ChatGPT, Gemini, and Perplexity to see if your brand gets recommended, how often, and what they actually say about you.

Your score = your visibility inside AI.

Comment “AI” and I’ll send you the link.… more


2,403

1,368

169
View Casey Caruso’s profile
Casey Caruso reposted this


View Stella Liu’s profile
Stella Liu

  • 3rd+

Head of Platform @ Topology Ventures

11mo • Edited • 

I’ve spent the past few weeks in NY exploring the best startup / community / creative spaces. Some are working, but broadly speaking, it pales in comparison to SF’s scene.

Why is this the case?
• Hard to find large enough spaces in NY — cost is a huge factor
• NY is sprawling and dispersed, making it hard to hit critical mass
• Less of a tech monoculture (a good thing IMO) makes it harder to sustain dense founder/builder ecosystems
• NY is more fun — and more distracting

⸻
FOR NEW YORK FOLKS:
That said, we’re partnering on a 5,500 sq ft space in Manhattan in an attempt to create gravitational pull and serendipitous collision magic (IMG1 of the space). Applications open soon. [https://whitespace.sh/]
⸻
FOR BAY AREA FOLKS:
We’re hosting a free, daylong retreat at a mansion in Tiburon on August 2nd. Think salon x pool party x workshop led by Jhourney [https://www.jhourney.io/]. (IMG2 of the space)

If you run a house for founders/hackers — or you’re a founder building something cool — DM me for an invite. Spots limited!… more

View image
1/2


99

13

4
View Casey Caruso’s profile
Casey Caruso reposted this


View Neeraj P.’s profile
Neeraj P.

  • 2nd

mit cs | moonpay | founder @ dawn

11mo • Edited • 

My first job out of college was Citadel Securities.

100s of Ivy League engineers built data pipelines, simulation software, execution environments, and backtesting frameworks.

Trading has forever been a occupation with high inaccessibility to retail due to the incredible amounts of infrastructure and technical expertise required at every layer of the stack. 99% of traders may have ideas, but can never test or implement them.

At Dawn, we’ve built the end-to-end agentic trading platform that does strategy generation, simulation, and execution with the click of a single button.

Comment 'dawn' for private access.

--
P.S. We’re hiring a founding frontend engineer fully in-person in NYC to work with our small talent-dense team to change the way trading is done. Email nj [at] dawnlabs [dot] ai with a small blurb if that’s you.… more


605

616

13
View Casey Caruso’s profile
Casey Caruso

  • 3rd+

Founder and Managing Partner at Topology Ventures

1yr • 


We are hiring an outstanding individual to lead operations and finance at Topology, an early-stage venture firm investing in frontier tech.

Requirements 
- Experience at crypto-native VC firm 
- Meticulous 
- Grinds 
- Dream job is COO/CFO, not investor 
- Likely CPA

https://lnkd.in/eJsbmNeF… more


Operations and Finance

Topology Ventures

United States (Remote)

View job

99

5

8
View Casey Caruso’s profile
Casey Caruso

  • 3rd+

Founder and Managing Partner at Topology Ventures

1yr • Edited • 


Announcing: Topology Ventures is Live

Help us get the word on X here 👉 https://lnkd.in/e6SJkNwk

I’m thrilled to announce the launch of Topology, an early-stage venture firm focused on backing frontier technology. We’ve raised an oversubscribed $75M Fund 1.

topology.vc

We are backed by the co-founder of OpenAI, managing partner of Bessemer, author of GPT4, Marc Andreessen, Chris Dixon, Ethan Kurzweil, Accolade, Cendana, and many other top tier builders, organizations, and endowments.

For the past 8 years, I’ve been investing in frontier tech: brain computer interfaces, agents, distributed compute, decentralized protocols, semiconductors, new cities, etc. Topology brings institutional scale to this approach.

We back founders who put everything on the line to bend the arc of human progress. We’ve been deploying in stealth over the past 7 months into companies building in AI, decentralized systems, distributed compute, neurotech, and more. Our founders have already received follow-on investment from folks like Founders Fund, a16z, and the founders of OpenAI & Meta AI. 

Our core thesis: In an era where tech is accelerating at record speed, being deeply technical is crucial for partnering with & enabling the best founders.
For those of you that know me, you probably know that I’ve been obsessed with computers since I was a teenager. I thought I’d be a software engineer my whole life because I just loved it. 

While at Google, I began moonlighting at Bessemer part-time as an EIR, helping on deals from crypto to quantum. I also began investing personally using profits from crypto mining. 

I realized that investing was a way to build more. At a time when AI couldn’t write code, there was only so much one dev could do and since I couldn’t control the Caseys in the multiverse, investing was my way to scale impact.
I eventually left Google to study neuroengineering at Harvard but dropped out to go all in on frontier investing and joined Paradigm where I developed a reputation as an investor who will always roll up their sleeves and burn the midnight oil when founders needed help.

The best founders exist outside of society's Overton window. They are maniacally focused, ship at uncanny speeds, and are a magnet for other brilliant executors. They think about their companies to a troubling degree. But since great founders are thinking about their companies, who is left to think about the founder?

We are. Ask them. 

I’ve been mistaken as an employee on portfolio company engineering teams, pulled countless all-nighters to support launches, and hopped on planes to close customers.

As someone who has always had more internet friends than 3D ones, DM me if you're building at the frontier and want to talk.

I cannot overstate how thankful I am to all my mentors, LPs and founders along the way. A special thank you to Ian Johnson and Jason Schwarz from Google, and Ethan Kurzweil from Bessemer.  

Meet us at the edge.


https://lnkd.in/eP2QWBHw… more

View image

864

128

29
View Casey Caruso’s profile
Casey Caruso

  • 3rd+

Founder and Managing Partner at Topology Ventures

1yr • 


I'm hiring a technical investor. You’ll be joining an engineering-first venture firm that I founded earlier this year. We lead seed (and preseed) rounds across frontier tech.

What’s the job? You'll spend your time researching, sourcing, diligencing, and supporting technical founders directly alongside me.

What’s in it for you? Building a legendary AI-native venture firm from the ground up, generous cash comp and carry, working with the world’s most prolific founders, access to an unparalleled network of LPs and investors, and a front row seat to the ever evolving world of venture.

We’re only hiring one investor and willing to stretch for the perfect candidate.

Requirements:
- believes work life balance is a meme
- self-authoring++ on Kegan’s scale
- technical
- gifted in distilling complex information
- communicates concisely and with intention
- gryffindor, not slytherin
- references exceptionally well
- understands the fundamentals of at least three: machine learning, decentralization, neurotech, ee, bio, capitalism, behavioral economics, human evolution
- bonus pts for being able to write quality software quickly…we ship open source software we call engineering public goods (EPGs) and push a lot of code that uplevels our ability to analyze trends, diligence, and provide portfolio support

Apply at https://lnkd.in/ej9Zt5qv… more


Topology Investor ApplicationTopology Investor Application

form.typeform.com


159

7

15
View Casey Caruso’s profile
Casey Caruso

  • 3rd+

Founder and Managing Partner at Topology Ventures

4yr • 


Honored to be included in this year’s Forbes 30 Under 30 Venture Capital list! I feel beyond lucky to get to do the work I do. Thank you Paradigm for giving me the opportunity to work amongst the smartest people I’ve ever met and invest in Web3, the fastest growing industry in the world. 🚀

https://lnkd.in/deq2_iCk

#forbes30under30… more

View image

569

43

1
View Casey Caruso’s profile
Casey Caruso

  • 3rd+

Founder and Managing Partner at Topology Ventures

5yr • Edited • 


Thrilled to announce Bessemer's investment and partnership with the world class team at NYDIG as they come out stealth this week, addressing one of the largest problems in the crypto space: making digital assets accessible to institutions.… more


Out of stealth: NYDIG raises a $50 million growth equity roundOut of stealth: NYDIG raises a $50 million growth equity round

bvp.com


42

​

​
View Casey Caruso’s profile
Casey Caruso

  • 3rd+

Founder and Managing Partner at Topology Ventures

8yr • 


It was an honor to speak about Blockchain Scalability at Columbia University in the City of New York last week!

Thank you Andreas Klinger, Audrey Chaing and Nick Casale for reviewing my deck! 

Sharing my slide deck on twitter at some point so follow @caseykcaruso if you are interested in getting the slides! … more

View image
1/4


94

8

​

Show all posts
Experience
Topology Ventures logo
Founder and Managing Partner

Topology Ventures · Full-time

Mar 2024 - Present · 2 yrs 5 mos

Frontier tech early-stage venture firm.

Paradigm logo
Investment Partner

Paradigm

May 2021 - Jan 2023 · 1 yr 9 mos

Bessemer Venture Partners logo
EIR (part-time)

Bessemer Venture Partners

Dec 2018 - May 2021 · 2 yrs 6 mos


Google logo
Google

3 yrs 7 mos

Engineer - UX/ML Research Systems (Cloud) 

Nov 2017 - May 2021 · 3 yrs 7 mos

Partner Technology Manager - Search

Nov 2017 - Sep 2018 · 11 mos

San Francisco Bay Area

The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory logo
Research Engineer (Grant with DARPA)

The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory

Aug 2016 - Nov 2016 · 4 mos

Conducted research while pursuing my masters within the Intelligent Systems Group

Education
Harvard University logo
Harvard University

Joint Degree in NeuroEngineering x HBS (dropped out)

2020 – 2021

Lehigh University logo
Lehigh University

Master of Science - MS, Computer Science, Machine Learning

Summa Cum Laude

Show all 3 educations
Skills (9)
Web Design

18 endorsements

Web Development

15 endorsements

Show all
Recommendations

Received (1)

Given (1)

Shriya Nevatia 

· 2nd

Community @ Clay 🏺💗🌈

February 25, 2016, Casey was Shriya’s client

From the moment I met Casey as we led a meetup for TenXList (before I even secured the job-- working with her, a top member on the website, was part of my interview!) in New York in Summer 2016, I knew she was bright, outgoing, organized, and a go-getter. Casey had every last detail of the event planned and was a great leader. After I've been able to continue working with her on TenXList, where she is a Moderator & Advisor, Casey continued to give valuable product & strategy feedback. She went above and beyond the call of duty for her role on the site and I would highly recommend working with her!

Interests

Top Voices

Companies

Groups

Newsletters

Schools

Tony Robbins 

· 3rd

#1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur

7,424,758 followers


Follow

Gregory Galant 

· 3rd

CEO of Muck Rack & the Shorty Awards

16,693 followers


Follow
Show all

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language


English (English)
Antony SalehStatus is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.