0 notifications


Home
8
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
23
Notifications


Me

For Business
Reactivate Premium: 50% Off


Chi Achebe

Founder & Managing Partner at Achebe Capital  | Prev. Global GTM & Partnerships at Google


More
Message

Follow
Cover photo

Chi Achebe

· 2nd

Founder & Managing Partner at Achebe Capital  | Prev. Global GTM & Partnerships at Google

New York City Metropolitan Area

·

Contact info


Achebe Capital


University of Pennsylvania

9,811 followers

·

500+

connections


Follow
Message

More
About
Let’s chat: https://intro.co/chiachebe

Chi Achebe is the Founder and Managing Partner of Achebe Capital, a seed - Series A VC fund that is on a mission to bridge Diaspora communities, starting with Africa, by investing in Africa, the African Diaspora, and New Americans. Achebe Capital advances joy, creativity, longevity, and equity through investing in Care, Climate Action, Commerce, Culture, and Vertical AI, and targeting 50:50 gender parity. Achebe Capital has received backing from Melinda French Gates among others. Chi has personally invested in multiple unicorn companies. Portfolio companies include: Bamboo, Brex, FilmHedge, Flutterwave, Juno Medical, Mono, Republic, and Sabi. 


Prior to Achebe Capital, Chi led global GTM strategy at Google, enhanced VC fund performance tracking at Citi Bank, founded an award-winning health tech startup in South Africa, and built The Anzisha Prize, a pan-African entrepreneurship award & accelerator program that was anchored by a multi-million dollar commitment from The MasterCard Foundation and African Leadership Group (named one of Africa’s most innovative companies in 2016 by Fast Company). She holds a BA from the University of Pennsylvania (with honors) and an MBA from Columbia Business School (Feldberg Scholar).… more

Activity
9,811 followers


Follow

Posts

Comments
View Chi Achebe’s profile
Chi Achebe reposted this


View Gary Stewart’s profile
Gary Stewart

  • 2nd

Founding Head of Adobe Private Capital Americas | PE · VC · Sovereign Wealth | Operator · Builder · Investor

3mo • Edited • 

Last Friday, Sanya Richards-Ross asked me if she was ready to pitch investors and potential distribution partners.

That surprised me. She is a 4x Olympic gold medallist. She held the American record in the 400 metres for nearly 20 years. She has lots of celebrity friends and wears Schiaparelli couture. 

Yet she was nervous about pitching a room of people coming to see her.

My message to her was simple: You've already done the hard part. You have traction, revenue, exclusive distribution deals with The University of Texas at Austin and for the 2028 Olympics. You have celebrities with more than 20 million followers wearing your product and sharing it with their communities. Just tell your story, be yourself and think of it like just another conversation.

Sanya took my advice and ran with it. And we know that when she runs, she wins.

Last night, 50+ VIPs gathered at 399 Park Avenue for a private reception with Sanya. She stood up, told her story, and delivered one of the clearest, most charming and honest founder pitches most of us had heard in a long time. She built the deck herself. She told her story in her own words. 

Seasoned VCs said it was among the best recent presentations they had seen. Two prominent angels said they want to invest. Executives from leading luxury brands said they want to talk distribution.

It was a good reminder that no one is too big or too successful to have doubts, to hear the voice of what RuPaul calls your inner saboteur. And athletes in particular know this better than most. Just ask Simone Biles, Ilia Malinin or any number of athletes who have succumbed to pressure in the moments they'd worked for their entire lives. 

But as Sanya proved, doubting yourself is normal. As we approach Good Friday, it's good to remember that even Jesus had doubts. It's how you respond to quieting those voices that matters most. 

Like athletes, entrepreneurs have to suspend disbelief to overcome the fear of failure. Sanya told me that at one Olympics, she got in her own head and lost a race that she'd been dominating all season. For her next Olympics, she took the approach that she'd already won. Sometimes, you limit yourself, because failure hurts. But in certain key moments, maybe it's best to just pretend it doesn't exist, that it's not an option.

Thank you to Maxine Rosen and Savills for the incredible space. Thank you Marvena St. Agathe, Chi Achebe and Lawer Teye for sharing your amazing networks, including Immpana S., Idara Otu, OLY, Stephanie Campbell, Vieng F. Vongnarath, Laurence Haiken, Joseph Culotta, Kristopher Harvey, MBA, Kali Stitt, Olushola Bashorun, Miles Chick, Yetunde Ekunwe, MBA, PMP and Dr. Lucky Church. A special thank you to Gayle King, Michael Strahan, Christopher Lyons of a16z and Constance C.R. White (former editor-in-chief of Essence) for showing up for Sanya. And it's always good to see old friends Carlton J. Charles, Dominic-Madori Davis and Joshua Powe.

We are already planning our next meet-up.… more

View image
1/6


98

21

2
View Chi Achebe’s profile
Chi Achebe reposted this


View Sergio Marrero’s profile
Sergio Marrero

  • 2nd

Venture Capital | HBS | HKS

3mo • Edited • 

$20,000 for Impact Founders!

We have recently launched out fellowship application for 2026. 

We are looking for founders that are early stage and have a bold vision for using technology to positively impact the lives of communities in need in NYC and beyond. 

Please tag founders you believe would be a great fit and repost for reach! 

DM me if you have any questions.

#Impact #Innovation #AI #Startups… more

View company: Robin Hood Blue Ridge Labs
Robin Hood Blue Ridge Labs

3mo • 

Applications are now open for our 2026 Founder Fellowship, a 20-week program designed to help early-stage founders explore promising ideas and build them into fundable ventures.
https://lnkd.in/eFtBWiqA

Selected founders will get:
💡 Workshops and mentorship to explore their ideas
🧪 Real user feedback through our Design Insight Group (DIG)
🤝 Coaching from experienced founders and operators
📍 Potential opportunity to build an MVP in person at BRL in Brooklyn
💵 $20K stipend for participants selected for the build cohort

No prototype or existing company required — just a strong idea and the drive to explore it.

Apply by May 3, 2026
… more

View image

121

13

67
View Chi Achebe’s profile
Chi Achebe reposted this


View company: Recast Capital
Recast Capital

4mo • 

💥 We’re thrilled to announce that applications are officially open for Cohort IV of Recast's Accelerate Program💥 

Since launching Accelerate in 2023, our team has seen what’s possible when the next generation of venture investors have access to top-tier resources, high-quality infrastructure and a supportive community. We’re proud to have partnered with nearly 80 women and nonbinary-led funds who are reshaping the venture landscape, and excited to welcome even more!

Cohort IV participants will receive access to:
  - A shared services stack that includes but isn't limited to support across Investor Relations, Legal, Fund Finance, Operations, AI/Automations
  - Curated peer "pods"
  - Executive coaching
  - Educational content
  - Hands-on mentorship from the Recast team and network
  - ...and so much more

If you’re a venture manager in the U.S. who is raising fund I-II, and led by at least one GP who identifies as a woman or non-binary, we encourage you to apply.

‼️ Applications are open through April 24, 2026. You can find the application here 👉 https://lnkd.in/ewB4E2Xu

📝 For more details about the program, check out our blog post: https://lnkd.in/e8eQGxTV and our website at: https://lnkd.in/gZxtWWZt

❓Have questions❓ We’re hosting two information sessions:
  🗓️ Wednesday, March 18, 2026 at 12pm ET: Register Here 👉 https://lnkd.in/emfJdyDB
🗓️ Tuesday, April 7 at 12pm ET: Register Here 👉 https://lnkd.in/euGA5pQ7

Finally, thank you to our Program Partners who help make this all possible:
Sydecar | Halle Kaplan-Allen Noor Chaudhry
Mercury | Joyce Chen Puya Vossoughi
Strut Consulting | Kristen Ostro Nicole Fuller
Gunderson Dettmer | Emma Eriksson Broomhead Nick Guttilla

Sara Zulkosky Courtney Russell McCrea Ava Alemazkoor Caroline Fernandez Lissa Villani … more


Applications Opening for Recast Accelerate Cohort IVApplications Opening for Recast Accelerate Cohort IV

medium.com


104

26

36
View Chi Achebe’s profile
Chi Achebe reposted this


View Meryanne Loum-Martin’s profile
Meryanne Loum-Martin

  • 2nd

Owner of Award Winning Hotel JNANE TAMSNA in Marrakech. Interior Designer. Author. Former Award Winning Lawyer. Member of Paris Bar. Public speaker. Founder of The Diaspora Salon.

5mo • Edited • 

'The 2025 Diaspora Salon kicked off with a sumptuous pan-African welcome, tinged with Senegalese teranga, and traditional Marrakshi hospitality. Invigorating gwoka music from Guadeloupe was our soundtrack and a dramatic sunset was our backdrop. Dinner and festivities were followed by a screening of Chevalier, celebrating the Black genius of Chevalier de Saint George, a musical prodigy of 18th-century France.

The Salon welcomed voices of groundbreaking entrepreneurs and role models of reinvention: Chi Achebe (Achebe Capital), travel entrepreneur Morgan Ramsey (Tela Travels), natural beauty pioneers Keeshagaye Whitter (My Emollient) and Ruqayya Tofa-Basheer (Raw Beauty Africa), former NBA player and artist Badara Ndiaye, writer Joséphine Tassy and Fabienne Toback, executive producer of High on the Hog. Ramsey reflected that it was the first time she felt she could be entirely herself at a conference,'

We share a link to an amazing article by Nataal covering our Salon last year and giving you a glimpse of what to expect this year: https://lnkd.in/dUcErEhH

Read more on the article and for ways to support and discover our 2026 Diaspora Salon programme via our website: https://lnkd.in/dA55yfzY

#2026 #salon #networking #marrakesh #diasporasalon… more

View image
1/4


80

3

6
View Chi Achebe’s profile
Chi Achebe reposted this


View company: Black Women in Asset Management (BWAM)
Black Women in Asset Management (BWAM)

6mo • 

💫 Black Women in Asset Management (BWAM) is thrilled to announce the 2025 40 Under 40 Award winners! 

There is a unique power in being seen.

For 51 weeks of the year, many Black women in asset management navigate spaces where they are the only one in the room. They carry the weight of representation and the pressure of perfection.

But on November 6 and 7th in Atlanta, the dynamic shifted.

The BWAM 40 Under 40 Awards Gala was a celebration of Black excellence in its purest form. We honored 40 women who are breaking barriers, launching funds, and rewriting the rules of our industry.

This list is not just a collection of names. It is a rebuttal to every person who has ever said, "we can't find the talent."

Well here they are.

To the Class of 2025: We see you and we celebrate you!

Aisha W.
Akua Opong CITP FBCS FRSA
Alexia Brown
Aline Telles Coelho
Ama Blankson
Anita Woodhouse
Aramide O.
Awovi Sandra A. Komassi, LL.B, M.Env
Caitlyn Clarke
Camille Grant
Chi Achebe
Christina H.
Dami Osunsanya
Derby Chukwudi
Dhinusha Munien (M.Inst.D)
Dominique M.
Elizabeth A. Onasanya
Fatima Diop
Genever Oppong
Janae Hilliard
Jewel Burks Solomon
Jumai Hadiza Mohammed
La Keisha Landrum Pierre
Leah Miller
Mariama S.
Marie Christine Andela, FCCA
Maude Delice
Mirabelle Osaro
Nadine Okorefe
Nneka E.
Oluwadara Adekunle
Ona Ike
Oreoluwa (Ore) Agunbiade
Paula Imafidon
REWA Udoji
Surayyah Ahmad
Taylor Williams
Tonna Obaze
Uchechi Ogbuokiri
Zenabu L.

#BWAM40Under40 #BlackWomenInFinance #AssetManagement … more

View image
1/7


119

3

9
View Chi Achebe’s profile
Chi Achebe reposted this


View company: VC Include
VC Include

9mo • Edited • 

What a journey, what a night 🎶 

This week, VC Include celebrated the graduation of cohort 5 of our Fellowship Program. This cohort was made up of 16 exceptional emerging managers across 13 funds, covering a wide range of geography, industries, and startup stages. 

If you had the chance to witness their powerful 3-minute pitches delivered in front of peers and allocators at the LP Showcase, you'd understand why we're beaming with pride. These fellows are confident, innovative leaders with strong investment theses and a commitment to impact. 

Cohort 5 raised a combined $14 million during the 12-week program. One fund even had its first close on the day of graduation! Congratulations on the momentum you have gained through dedication to your community, bold vision, and clarity of purpose. 👏 

Much gratitude to Kevin Amoo-Mensah, CFP®  (He/Him/His) and BNY for providing space - both physically and metaphorically - that made this day possible. We so appreciate your support. Additionally, thank you to alumni fellow Laura Fox for kicking off the day with us and sharing her wisdom! 

In the evening, a celebratory dinner brought together voices that represent the full spectrum of our community, including longtime champion and partner at Ashurst, Rossie Turman, VCI alumna and founder of 125 Ventures, Lorine Pendleton, and fellowship speaker Chi Achebe of Achebe Capital who shared a heartfelt reflection on her experience. 

Watching you all step fully into your roles as leaders in the venture ecosystem fills us with hope for the future of inclusive capital. Congratulations to our newest alumni! ✨… more




114

11

4
View Chi Achebe’s profile
Chi Achebe reposted this


View company: VC Include
VC Include

10mo • Edited • 

VC Include is deeply grateful to partner with Pivotal Ventures in creating spaces for conversations that are shaping our collective future. 

Last week on Martha's Vineyard, we had the privilege of convening emerging fund managers alongside visionary leaders across philanthropy and culture. The intentional gathering allowed for connections across disciplines and generations, bringing together inspiration and practical wisdom from those who've walked similar paths.

Thank you to Celiné Justice, Victoria Fortune, and Nicole Bates for co-creating these sacred spaces with us. 💜 

To all community members who join us: thank you for showing up with full hearts and open minds. ✨

Troy Duffie La Keisha Landrum Pierre Jim Casselberry Tessa Flippin Chi Achebe Sayiddah M. Charlotte N.… more

View Celiné Justice’s profile
Celiné Justice

  • 3rd+

Philanthropic Leader & Network Weaver

10mo • 

Beginning this week feeling deeply nourished after a powerful last week on Martha’s Vineyard. In a time when divide-and-conquer tactics are all too common, the week reminded me of a fundamental truth: we are always stronger together!!

Gratitude to my colleagues at McKinsey & Company for inviting me to the #BlackEconomicForum. In this space I had the privilege of learning from leaders across city governments, academia, and private equity — each offering insights just outside my usual sphere and expanding my toolbox with new strategies for systems change work.

Philanthropy was well represented on the island too of course... A lovely afternoon with new and old friends in the sector Hali Lee, Ciciley (CC) Moore, MBA, Don Chen, Shawnda Chapman, Aisha Nyandoro and the ever-inspiring Darren Isom — whose work continues to lovingly push us forward.

And finally, my week culminated in an intimate dinner co-hosted by Milton Speid at VC Include and my colleagues Nicole Bates and Victoria Fortune. We were joined by visionary partners and friends including Fatima Goss Graves, Teresa C. Younger, Amoretta Morris, Tahira Christmon, MA, and Deonta Wortham — each one a force for good.

Martha’s Vineyard, you are magic. I returned home with a full heart and more energy to continue our collective work with courage and love.

If you were there too (or are there right now!), I’d love to hear your reflections. What’s staying with you? And if you weren’t — what other spaces are helping you build stronger community right now?
… more

View image
1/5


63

1

4
View Chi Achebe’s profile
Chi Achebe reposted this


View Lisha Bell’s profile
Lisha Bell

  • 3rd+

Ecosystem and Economic Operator |  Reducing the Capital Gap | Helping Founders & Investors Navigate Venture Capital| Podcast Host: Sisters with Ventures | Power 100

10mo • 

Third annual Waymakers, Martha's Vineyard edition, in the books. 

An amazing event dedicated to the Black Women who are check writers, capital movers, and system disrupters.

My co-hosts committed to creating space Qiana Patterson La Keisha Landrum Pierre Monica Dean Cheryl Finley, thank you!

Special Thank You to Rob Rumley of William Blair for your support.

To the waymakers, keep blazing.

Carra Wallace Mandy Bynum (she/her) Amy Tharpe Peterson Stephanie M. Fowler Marlene Timberlake D'Adamo Cheryl Finley Rochelle Stewart Ivor Horn, MD, MPH Adimika Meadows Arthur Schatzie Allen Jefferson Aniyia L. Williams Chi Achebe Christina Whatley Rashida Bobb … more

View image

468

43

7
View Chi Achebe’s profile
Chi Achebe reposted this


View Tahira Dosani’s profile
Tahira Dosani

  • 3rd+

GP at ResilienceVC

11mo • 

We are hiring! If you know anyone who would be a great addition to the ResilienceVC team, please encourage them to apply. And send me a message if you have a strong referral. JD and application link are here: https://lnkd.in/gVwcRY86… more

View company: ResilienceVC
ResilienceVC

11mo • 

We are excited to announce that ResilienceVC is hiring! We are looking for an experienced Senior Associate to join the team and work at the vanguard of fintech venture capital and impact investing. The Senior Associate will support a dynamic team on all elements of investing, portfolio management, and fund operations. 

➡️ For additional details and to apply, please see the link in the comments.


255

22

30
View Chi Achebe’s profile
Chi Achebe reposted this


View company: Borderless
Borderless

1yr • Edited • 

It’s Officially Borderless Go Live Week 🎉

As part of the launch, there will be a panel session titled:

“Is Africa Ready for Diaspora Investments?”

For this insightful conversation we have an incredible lineup of industry leaders:
- Ezra Olubi, Co-founder of Paystack and an  early investor in Borderless. 

- Rumbi Makanga, Ecosystem Lead at NewSpace Finance and early investor in Borderless. 

- Chi Achebe, Founding & Managing Partner at Achebe Capital. 

- Joe Kinvi, Founder of Borderless.  

Date: Thursday, 19th June 
Time: 5PM WAT! 
Location: Google Meet 

Don’t miss it! Register here- https://lnkd.in/dC4TS9QJ… more

View image

44

1

6

Show all posts
Experience
Achebe Capital logo
Founder & Managing Partner

Achebe Capital · Full-time

Jul 2020 - Present · 6 yrs 1 mo

Achebe Capital is Cultural Capital. We are rooted in the belief that culture & community drive alpha. We are on a mission to be a bridge across Africa, the African Diaspora, and New Americans in the US and advance  joy, creativity, longevity, and equity globally, through investing in Care, Climate Action, Commerce, Culture, and Vertical AI. 

Follow me on LinkedIn and shoot a note to contact@achebe.capital to be notified about our public launch & receive updates on our journey.… more

Thumbnail for ImpactAssets: 2024 Top 50 Emerging Impact Manager - Achebe Capital
Thumbnail for Achebe Capital Fund Overview
Early stage / Angel Investor; VC Limited Partner

Early stage / Angel Investor; VC Limited Partner

Jun 2020 - Present · 6 yrs 2 mos

Brex logo
Investor (Exited)

Brex

Jan 2022 - Present · 4 yrs 7 mos

Fully exited. Acquired by Capital One 2026. 

Thumbnail for Fintech Brex confirms $12.3B valuation, snaps up Meta exec to serve as its head of product
Fintech Brex confirms $12.3B valuation, snaps up Meta exec to serve as its head of product

In the latest fintech megaround, Brex has confirmed that it has raised $300 million in a Series D-2 round that ups its valuation to $12.3 billion. TechCrunch in October was the first to report that Brex was raising the capital and had achieved...

Flutterwave logo
Investor

Flutterwave

Jul 2020 - Present · 6 yrs 1 mo

Thumbnail for African payments company Flutterwave raises $170M, now valued at over $1B
African payments company Flutterwave raises $170M, now valued at over $1B

The proliferation of fintech services across Africa remains in full swing as investors remain bullish about the opportunities that abound in the sector. Today we behold another unicorn: African payments company Flutterwave announced that it has closed...

Republic logo
Investor

Republic

Jun 2021 - Present · 5 yrs 2 mos

Thumbnail for Republic may build a secondary exchange for digital securities, fueled by $150 million in new funding
Republic may build a secondary exchange for digital securities, fueled by $150 million in new funding

Just today, the company is announcing a $150 million Series B round led by Valor Equity Partners, which follows a $36 million Series A round that the company announced in March from Galaxy Interactive, Motley Fool Ventures, HOF Capital, Tribe Capital and CoinFund. (Those earlier investors just re-upped, by the way, and were joined by new backers Pillar VC, Brevan Howard, GoldenTree and Atreides.)

Show all
Education
University of Pennsylvania logo
University of Pennsylvania

B.A. with High Honors, Political Science, Communication, African Studies

Grade: Distinction. Magna Cum Laude. Completed degree in 3.5 years

Activities and societies: National Society of Collegiate Scholars, Onyx Senior Honor Society, Nominated for both Sphinx and Friars Honor Societies, John Marshall Pre-Law Honor Society, Penn African Student Association -President, Undergraduate Assembly - Class Representative, University Council - Academic Affairs, Daily Pennsylvanian - Writer, Marketing Exec, Penn Netter Center for Community Partnerships, Big Brothers Big Sisters of America, West Philadelphia Tutoring Project, Semester at Sea Study Abroad

Columbia Business School logo
Columbia Business School

Master of Business Administration - MBA

Grade: Distinction

Activities and societies: Meyer Feldberg Distinguished Fellowship - full-tuition merit scholarship. Forte Fellowship. Africa Business Club. Global Immersion Program-TA
Board Member: Meyer Feldberg Fellowship Board

Admitted into: Wharton, MIT Sloan, Booth

Thumbnail for Meet Columbia Business School MBA Class of 2019 | Poets&Quants
Meet Columbia Business School MBA Class of 2019 | Poets&Quants

Chi Achebe
Columbia Business School 
Describe yourself in 15 words or less: Entrepreneurial globetrotting foodie who believes in the power of possibility, positivity, and bringing people together

Hometown: Ogidi, Nigeria  

Fun Fact About Yourself: While developing a tech start up in South Africa, I was featured in commercials and voice overs across Africa, as well as the South African version of Shark Tank. 

Undergraduate School: University of Pennsylvania

Show all 4 educations
Licenses & certifications (4)
Recast Capital logo
Recast Capital Accelerate - Cohort I

Recast Capital

Issued Dec 2023

VC University logo
VC University Online

VC University

Issued Feb 2022

Show all 4 licenses
Volunteering (10)

Mentor

Primary Venture Partners

May 2025 · 1 mo

Factor Fellowship Mentor 


Keynote Speaker

Northeastern University

Nov 2022 · 1 mo

Economic Empowerment

National Science & Technology Medals Foundation

Show all 10 volunteer experiences
Skills (24)
Editing

3 endorsements

Social Media


Endorsed by Francis O. and 1 other who is highly skilled at this


Endorsed by 3 colleagues at African Leadership Academy

35 endorsements

Show all
Recommendations

Received (3)

Given

Josh Adler 

· 3rd

Chief Programs Officer

December 4, 2025, Josh managed Chi directly

Chi operated effectively like a solo-founder within ALA's wider start-up culture at the time to get Anzisha off the ground, laying foundations for what it would become - Africa's premier youth entrepreneur fellowship and prize. She was one of the most resourceful people I've ever worked with, building and then leveraging relationships along with a real can-do attitude to achieve extraordinary outcomes for young people and the program. Very grateful for the role she played, and hope it played a role in shaping her investment approach and thesis as a VC.

Irina Kukuyeva, Ph.D. (she/her)

· 3rd

AI due diligence | Mentor 100+ start-ups/year | Advisory Board Member

September 12, 2024, Irina reported to Chi directly

I have supported over 100 companies as a fractional leader, consultant, employee, mentor, or advisor. Chi has been one of the best managers I’ve collaborated with; I appreciated that every project started with a high-level overview of the end goals and the context required to understand why this is important to the fund now. Her attention to detail and constructive feedback made it easier to collaborate on scope, get on the same page, and iterate.

Show all
Honors & awards (12)
Forté Fellowship

Issued by Forté Foundation · Aug 2017


Associated with Columbia Business School

Awarded to female MBA candidates who exhibit exemplary academic, team, community, and creative leadership and demonstrate a commitment to women and girls

Meyer Feldberg Distinguished Fellowship

Issued by Columbia Business School  · Aug 2017


Associated with Columbia Business School

Columbia Business School’s most prestigious award, the Meyer Feldberg Fellowship is a full-tuition award given to less than 1% of entering students who have demonstrated extraordinary leadership potential and academic excellence.… more

Show all 12 honors & awards
Languages
English

Native or bilingual proficiency

Igbo

Native or bilingual proficiency

Interests

Top Voices

Companies

Groups

Newsletters

Schools

Chris Paul 

· 3rd

Entrepreneur, Philanthropist, Athlete.

212,726 followers


Follow

Tony O. Elumelu, C.F.R 

· 2nd

Chairman at Heirs Holdings

2,191,042 followers


Follow
Show all

More profiles for you

Biola Alabi

· 3rd

Early-stage investor & Board Director | Africa’s energy transition, e-mobility, agri-tech & embedded fintech | Partner, Delta 40


Follow

Oyin Solebo 

· 2nd

Investor & Venture Builder - COO, Cascador | Advisor, Cone Ventures Studio | Board Director, GiveDirectly | Ex-Techstars MD & Goldman Sachs


Follow

Ian Sigalow 

· 2nd

Co-Founder and Managing Partner at Greycroft 


Follow

Pardon Makumbe 

· 3rd

Founder and Managing Partner at CRE Venture Capital

Message

Bri Ukaonu 

· 3rd

Operational Strategist | Transformational People Leader | Your Favorite Problem Solver

Message
Show all
People you may know

Lucia Hosein 

· 2nd

Chemical Engineering at Rice University

Connect
Jazz Bernstine is open to work
Jazz Bernstine

· 3rd+

First generation Undergraduate Student at Sonoma State University pursuing a Bachelor Degree in Business Administration with a concentration in Management. 

Connect

Nevo Meir Tapiero 

· 2nd

Co-Founder at Sababa | Retail Fintech & Cashback Infrastructure | Software Engineer | Aerospace & UAV | MEET (MIT) Alumnus

Connect
Sammy Tran

· 3rd

Student at Klein High School, YLS 26’ Scholar

Connect

Paul LeSage Eakin 

· 2nd

AI and Business at Rice, building impactful agents

Connect
Show all
You might like
Pages for you


Uber

Internet Marketplace Platforms

3,542,063 followers


Matthew & 13 other connections follow this page


Follow

Flipkart

Technology, Information and Internet

5,973,341 followers


Shubhangi & 8 other connections follow this page


Follow
Show all

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language


English (English)
Antony SalehStatus is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.