0 notifications total

Skip to search

Skip to main content

Keyboard shortcuts
Close jump menu
I’m looking for...
new feed updates notifications
Home
8
8 new network updates notifications
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
23
23 new notifications
Notifications
Antony Saleh
Me

For Business
Reactivate Premium: 50% Off

Danielle Shoots - Founder and CEO of the Daily Boss Up and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for The Colorado Trust
Kami Guildner
Kami Guildner
Empowering Women Entrepreneurs to Lead with Mission & Money — Elevating Voice, Vision & Visibility for Prosperous, Purpose-Led Growth | Podcast Host | Speaker | Author | CWCC Top 25 Most Powerful Women in Business


November 15, 2019
Today on Extraordinary Women Radio, I’m excited to bring you the very extraordinary Danielle Shoots . Danielle is the Founder and CEO of the Daily Boss Up, a digital startup that provides coaching, mentoring and consulting for leaders at every stage of their professional development. She is also the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for The Colorado Trust, a private health equity foundation supporting Colorado communities.


In this episode Danielle shares

Her insight on leadership, drawing from her experience as a teen mom
Her inspiration for starting the Daily Boss Up as a leadership coaching platform
How journaling can help remind you of your resilience
Her thoughts on work-life balance
Her passion for the role of the millennials in corporate change
How to deal with fear
Some of her most important life learnings and the legacy she wants to leave behind
At the age of 26, Danielle embarked on her executive leadership path ascending to the position of Chief Financial Officer (CFO) for the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment. After the state, Danielle served as the Vice President of Finance and Business Operations for the West Division of Comcast, managing a billion-dollar capital portfolio and a team of sixty employees located in seven states.

Danielle’s youthful exuberance, distinguished business acumen and tenacious work ethic have garnered her numerous accolades. She was named to the prestigious 2019 list of the Top 25 Most Powerful Women in Business from the Colorado Women’s Chamber of Commerce. The 2018 Woman of the Year Award for her work with youth in the community, and a recipient of the 2017 Denver Business Journal’s 40 Under 40 award.

During her remarkable career, she has been featured at TedxMileHigh, Women of Telecommunications Tech It Out Talk, the Black Women Lead Summit and The Women of Denver Summit – to name just a few.

As a mother and community advocate Danielle is passionately involved giving back to the community. She has been long-time mentor with the Challenge Foundation. She is also the President of the Board for Mile High Ministries, and an Executive Board Member for the Women’s Foundation of Colorado.

“I never think about what I want to do for a living, but only who I want to be for a living.” – Danielle Shoots
Connect with Danielle Shoots on LinkedIn and check out her website here. You may also follow her on Facebook and Twitter.

Let’s meet Danielle Shoots of the Daily Boss Up!

Danielle Shoots Show Notes

Comments
likecelebratelove
35
3 comments

Photo of Antony Saleh

Like

Comment

Share


Add a comment…
Open Emoji Keyboard

Current selected sort order is Most recent
Most recent
View Latricia Ferris’ open to work graphic link
Latricia Ferris
   • 3rd+
Founder & CEO of Dream, Believe & Imagine | Executive Leader | Speaker | Author | Helping People & Organizations Transform Vision Into Purpose & Impact
6y

Congratulations D

Like

Reply
View Lauren Hafla’s hiring graphic link
Lauren Hafla
   • 3rd+
Mining Leader / Colorado Top 25 Most Powerful Women Nominee / Maxwell Certified Team Member / Data Driven Insights / Continuous Improvement / Metallurgy / Non-Profit Board Experience / STEM Advocate
6y

Congratulations Danielle Shoots. Such a dynamic speaker with authentic words of encouragement and leadership. Always enjoy seeing and hearing you speak.

Like

Reply
View Ken Keis, Ph.D.’s  graphic link
Ken Keis, Ph.D.
   • 3rd+
Transformational Leadership Architect | 37-Year Global Assessment Pioneer | Creator of CRG’s Whole-Person System | Equipping Leaders, Coaches & Consultants to Deliver Predictable, Measurable Results:
6y

Had Danielle on my podcast Secrets Of Success as well and was an excellent guest. Thanks for this Kami.

Like

Reply
Enjoyed this article?
Follow to never miss an update.

Kami Guildner
Kami Guildner

Empowering Women Entrepreneurs to Lead with Mission & Money — Elevating Voice, Vision & Visibility for Prosperous, Purpose-Led Growth | Podcast Host | Speaker | Author | CWCC Top 25 Most Powerful Women in Business


Follow
More articles for you
Page 1 of 4Previous
Next
Article cover image
Are we all on the same page?
Better Business Bites
likesupport
5
6 comments
Article cover image
5 Key CEO Insights for the Week Ahead
Life-Changing CEO Insights
like
5
3 comments
1 repost
Article cover image
Dispelling Ingrained Narratives
The Nonprofit Survival Guide
likeloveinsightful
5
1 comment
16 reposts
Article cover image
There are no solutions, only trade-offs.
Moving People to Action
likeinsightfulcelebrate
177
11 comments
9 reposts
1
2
3
4
Antony SalehStatus is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.