0 notifications

I'm looking for…

Home
8
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
23
Notifications


Me

For Business
Reactivate Premium: 50% Off


Elizabeth Edwards

Founder and Managing Partner, H Venture Partners


More

Follow
Message
Cover photo

Elizabeth Edwards
· 3rd

Founder and Managing Partner, H Venture Partners

Cincinnati, Ohio, United States

·

Contact info


H Venture Partners


University of Michigan

Message

Follow

More
About
Elizabeth Edwards is the Managing Partner of H Venture Partners, a seed, venture and early growth equity fund that invests in next generation consumer brands.

Before founding H Venture Partners, Edwards with Maywic Select Investments, a Series A/B investor in Peloton (IPO), Roots (IPO), Freshly (acquired for $1.5Bn by Nestle), Joy, ALOHA, ONE HOPE Wine, GoldieBlox, The Infatuation (merged: Zagat), Soma (acquired: Full Circle), and SkinnyMom (acquired: Womanista).

Edwards was previously with West Capital, an early stage investor in Bill.com (IPO), CardioInsight (acquired: Medtronic), ALung, OnShift (acquired), and Paydiant (acquired: PayPal).

Edwards began her career as a strategy consultant with the Strategy & Operations practice of Deloitte Consulting, specializing in innovation, corporate strategy, and strategic acquisitions. Select clients include Johnson & Johnson (clinical and consumer) and XM Satellite Radio.  … more

Activity
4,625 followers


Follow
Elizabeth has no recent posts

Recent posts Elizabeth shares will be displayed here.

Show all posts
Experience
H Venture Partners logo
Founder and Managing Partner

H Venture Partners

Feb 2017 - Present · 9 yrs 6 mos

H Venture Partners is a consumer-focused venture capital firm that invests in early-stage science-based consumer products brands. H Venture Partners invests globally with a focus on North America.

Cerebelly logo
Cerebelly

Part-time · 7 yrs 2 mos

San Francisco Bay Area

Board Member

Mar 2023 - Present · 3 yrs 5 mos

Board Observer

Jun 2019 - Mar 2023 · 3 yrs 10 mos

Hazel logo
Board Member

Hazel · Part-time

Dec 2021 - Present · 4 yrs 8 mos

New York City Metropolitan Area

Mad Rabbit logo
Board Observer

Mad Rabbit · Part-time

Nov 2022 - Present · 3 yrs 9 mos

Cleveland, Ohio, United States

Kinship logo
Board Member

Kinship · Part-time

Apr 2019 - Apr 2021 · 2 yrs 1 mo

San Francisco Bay Area

Show all
Education
University of Michigan logo
University of Michigan

Bachelor's degree

2000 – 2003

Activities and societies: Alpha Chi Omega

University of Cincinnati Carl H. Lindner College of Business logo
University of Cincinnati Carl H. Lindner College of Business

Master of Business Administration (MBA), Finance

2003 – 2004

Activities and societies: 2004 Case Competition Winner

Licenses & certifications
Deloitte logo
Enterprise Lean Six Sigma

Deloitte

Issued Jan 2005

Volunteering (10)

Adjunct Professor

Xavier University

Oct 2010 - Jan 2014 · 3 yrs 4 mos


Visual Arts Panelist

National Endowment for the Arts

Sep 2011 - Dec 2013 · 2 yrs 4 mos

Arts and Culture

Served as a Visual Arts panelist and layperson from 2011-2013, granting Federal funds to local arts organizations across the US.

Show all 10 volunteer experiences
Skills (20)
Start-ups


Endorsed by David Willbrand and 12 others who are highly skilled at this


Endorsed by 2 colleagues at Neyer Holdings Corporation

98 endorsements

Entrepreneurship


Endorsed by Andrew Paradise and 13 others who are highly skilled at this


Endorsed by 2 colleagues at Neyer Holdings Corporation

81 endorsements

Show all
Recommendations

Received

Given (4)
Nothing to see for now

Recommendations that Elizabeth receives will appear here.

Publications
Startup: The Complete Handbook for Launching a Company for Less

Essential Books · Dec 15, 2010

Show publication
Startup is the winner of three national book awards and is used as a textbook by over 10 universities  as well as angel groups and incubators around the country.

For the technology startup raising venture capital, the freelancer, social entrepreneur, and coffee shop owner, Edwards has written a modern textbook for entrepreneurship, covering all aspects of starting a business, including finance, branding, advertising, PR, accounting, and business law. Part manual, part manifesto, the nearly 400-page text presents proven strategies for launching a startup on a shoestring budget. 

In Startup: The Complete Handbook for Launching a Company for Less, Edwards draws upon her own experiences as a venture capital investor and bootstrap entrepreneur to outline over $100,000 in savings with do-it-yourself guides and personal finance strategies.

The book explains how to create a profitable business model, conserve cash, and get operational fast, giving equal attention to the risks and wealth creation opportunities business ownership provides. 

Startup tackles both strategy and tactics - discussing high-level business strategy concepts and illustrating back of the napkin calculations to help entrepreneurs make good decisions. Edwards offers three tests for feasibility (to minimize risk), 14 creative ways to finance a startup, and a formulaic approach to marketing (to grow revenue).

In concise, plain English, Startup explains the finer points of venture funding, angel investors, grants, SBA loans, intellectual property, and corporate structure, and includes templates of business plans, press releases, and startup expenses.

Chapter Outline:
1 - The Pros and Cons of Entrepreneurship
2 - Startup Finance is Personal Finance
3 - Create a Business Model that Works
4 - Feasibility
5 - How to Finance a Startup
6 - Create an Unforgettable Brand
7 - Marketing, Advertising & Publicity
8 - Managing Administrative Details
9 - Make it Legal
10 - Two Business Plans
… more

Ideas in Progress

Show publication
Ideas in Progress tackles the challenges of economic development from the perspective of startups and job growth, examining three key indicators: early stage investment, innovation, and entrepreneurship.

The book tracks statistics over time and geography, showing how the flow of early stage capital to the coasts has perpetuated a brain drain from the Midwest and South - and offers recommendations and strategies to promote local early stage investment, innovation, and entrepreneurship. … more

Patents
Quick Count

US

Show patent
A card game based on the game of football that requires - and teaches - quick mental math. 

Other inventors


Honors & awards (3)
University of Cincinnati Entrepreneurship Center Christopher J. Nawalaniec Distinguished Service Award

Issued by University of Cincinnati · Nov 2012

Forty Under Forty

Issued by Cincinnati Business Courier · Jan 2008

Show all 3 honors & awards
Interests

Companies

Groups

Newsletters

Schools

ICONIQ, CompanyICONIQ

92,303 followers


Follow

1819 Innovation Hub, Company1819 Innovation Hub

15,259 followers


Follow
Show all
Causes
Children • Economic Empowerment • Education • Environment • Health • Science and Technology


More profiles for you

Tom Browning 

· 3rd

Early-stage Investor at H Venture Partners, QCA & VentureSouth

Message

Drew F. 

· 3rd

Co-Founder & CEO of Iris Finance | Fmr CFO at Mad Rabbit | Strategic Finance for Consumer Brands | Author of Making Cents; Analyzing the Financials & Valuations of CPG & E-Commerce Brands | 30u30


Follow

DeWitt Cook 

· 3rd

Angel Investor and Mentor

Message

Selom Agbitor 

· 3rd

Co-Founder @ Mad Rabbit | Forbes 30 Under 30 2023

Message

Don Clark 

· 3rd

Chief Merchandising Officer @ Sprouts Farmers Market

Message
Show all
People you may know
From Elizabeth's school


Aditya N. 

· 2nd

Prev @ Microsoft | UMich Alum

Connect

Zhiyu Wu 

· 2nd

MLSYS @ Bytedance

Connect

Samuel Tan 

· 2nd

Computational Biology & Bioinformatics PhD Student

Connect

Huy Le 

· 2nd

DS & Math @ UMich | Ex-Shopee Intern

Connect

Shivansh Upadhyay 

· 2nd

CS @ UMich

Connect
Show all
You might like
Pages for you


Uber

Internet Marketplace Platforms

3,542,190 followers


Matthew & 13 other connections follow this page


Follow

Airbnb

Software Development

3,366,464 followers


Mohamed & 15 other connections follow this page


Follow
Show all

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language


English (English)
Antony SalehStatus is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.