0 notifications


Home
8
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
23
Notifications


Me

For Business
Reactivate Premium: 50% Off


Jodi Sherman Jahic

General Partner and Co-Founder at Aligned Partners


More
Connect
Message
Cover photo

Jodi Sherman Jahic
· 3rd

General Partner and Co-Founder at Aligned Partners

San Francisco, California, United States

·

Contact info


Aligned Partners


Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management

500+

connections

Message
Connect

More
About
Aligned Partners is obsessively focused on resourcefulness and alignment.
Everything we do centers around enabling great outcomes for our founders and investors. Our investment approach uniquely serves the needs of highly capital-efficient companies. In particular, our philosophy serves these beliefs:
- Aligning the interests of founders and investors works better for everyone. When we're all pulling the oars in the same direction, we can accomplish great things with less friction.
- Higher efficiency yields higher returns. Entrepreneurship is, at its essence, about resourcefulness. Companies that achieve their goals in a resource-efficient manner provide high value to their founders and investors alike.
- Sustainable growth is a side effect of creating real value for customers. Great companies deeply understand their customers and offer them exceptional, targeted value propositions.
Aligned Partners leads Series A investments in US-based companies that are highly capital-efficient and focused on enterprise/B2B technologies.

Jodi is a General Partner and co-founder of Aligned Partners. She has been an early-stage venture capitalist for 25 years and has served as a board member or board observer/advisor for dozens of technology companies over that time. Her investment focus has always been on early-stage enterprise and communication technologies, and her current boards include TrueData, Quivers, CloudLex, Puloli, Boardspan, Global Impact Communications, and Zero Point Five Therapeutics. 

Before entering the venture capital business in the late 90's, Jodi was on the early team of three startups in North America and Europe. She also worked in the technology group at Andersen Consulting (now Accenture), where she managed large-scale projects for clients such as Motorola Semiconductor, Pacific Bell, and Sun Microsystems, none of which are currently known by those same names.

Specialties: Board of Directors leadership, corporate strategy, wireless communications, mobile technology, early-stage investment, venture capital, startups, entrepreneurship, marketing, strategy, business development, keynote speaker, panelist, improv.… more

Activity
973 followers


Follow
Jodi has no recent posts

Recent posts Jodi shares will be displayed here.

Show all posts
Experience
Aligned Partners logo
Managing Partner and Co-Founder

Aligned Partners · Full-time

2011 - Present · 15 yrs 7 mos

San Francisco Bay Area

We enable capital-efficient founders to achieve their dreams.

 Venture Capital

ID5.io logo
Member Board of Directors

ID5.io

Nov 2025 - Present · 9 mos

London Area, United Kingdom

Member, Board of Directors

Global Impact Communications 

2022 - Present · 4 yrs 7 mos

Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil

Member Board Of Directors

Zero Point Five Therapeutics

2021 - Present · 5 yrs 7 mos

North Bethesda, Maryland, United States

Boardspan Inc. logo
Member, Board of Directors

Boardspan Inc.

2020 - Present · 6 yrs 7 mos

Show all
Education
Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management logo
Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management

Master of Business Administration (MBA), Finance and Marketing

1997 – 1999

Pomona College logo
Pomona College

Bachelor of Arts (B.A.), STS/Physics

1989 – 1993

Activities and societies: Phi Beta Kappa, Rhodes Scholar finalist 

Show all 4 educations
Volunteering (5)

Board Member

Jewish Community Center of San Francisco

2014 - 2024 · 10 yrs

Co-chair, Strategic Planning Initiative
Finance Committee
Nominating and Governance Committee… more


Founding Member

All Raise

2017 - Present · 9 yrs 7 mos

All Raise arms female founders and funders with access, guidance, and support to exponentially accelerate their success and propel the entire industry forward.

Show all 5 volunteer experiences
Skills (42)
Venture Capital


Managing Partner and Co-Founder at Aligned Partners


Endorsed by Christopher R. Pace and 10 others who are highly skilled at this


Endorsed by 2 colleagues at Accenture

Show all 4 details
Entrepreneurship


Endorsed by Trish Costello and 8 others who are highly skilled at this


Endorsed by 2 colleagues at Accenture

34 endorsements

Show all
Interests

Top Voices

Companies

Groups

Newsletters

Schools

Heather Hartnett 

· 2nd

CEO & General Partner at Human Ventures

185,092 followers


Follow

Ray Dalio 

· 3rd+

Founder of Bridgewater Associates

2,862,168 followers


Follow
Show all

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language


English (English)
Antony SalehStatus is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.