0 notifications


Home
8
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
23
Notifications


Me

For Business
Reactivate Premium: 50% Off


Katelyn Donnelly

GP @ Avalanche | Co-founded two companies (0→200+ employees, PE exit) and a $65M venture fund | Looking for market inflections


More
Message

Follow

Katelyn Donnelly
· 2nd

GP @ Avalanche | Co-founded two companies (0→200+ employees, PE exit) and a $65M venture fund | Looking for market inflections

Austin, Texas, United States

·

Contact info


Avalanche

Links 

12,525 followers



Hemesh and 🧑🏻‍💻 Eddy are mutual connections


Follow
Message

More
About
Katelyn is the Managing Partner of Avalanche, a venture firm investing in massive trends at market inflection points. 

She's also an investor and board member of Wabash Valley Resources, a clean ammonia plant that supplies fertilizer to farmers in the Midwest. WVR is backed by a $1.5Bn loan from the Department of Energy’s Loan Programs Office.

Previously, she co-founded Delivery Associates, a leading public-sector advisory and technology firm focused on government operations and results. She served on the company's board for 10 years, grew the organization from 0 to 200+ employees serving clients globally, and sold to private equity in 2022. 

 Katelyn also co-founded and served as Managing Director of Pearson Ventures, a $65M venture fund investing in global EdTech companies. She started her career as a consultant at McKinsey in San Francisco, working with technology and financial services companies. 

 Katelyn graduated with high distinction in Economics from Duke University and is a Kauffman Fellow (Class 21). She is a published author in five languages. She writes a newsletter called Declarative Statements on current topics in investing and technology. 

www.katelyndonnelly.com

Featured
Post

'We're not looking for a unicorn. We're looking for an avalanche.' is our tag-line at Avalanche VC. 

But, what is an avalanche? How do we identify them before they happen? Who are the founders that can harness the power of an avalanche?

I sat down with Amir Bormand host of The Tech Trek podcast to chat about how I develop investment theses and gain conviction to make early stage investments before it's obvious. 

Hope you enjoy. Comments, thoughts, and reactions are always appreciated 😀 

Full episode: https://eleva.no/katelyn


Investing in Disruptive Ideas and Technologies by The Tech Trek

podcasters.spotify.com

59 reactions · 3 comments59 · 3 comments

Reshared by Katelyn Donnelly

I am excited to share that Trill Impact has acquired a majority stake in Delivery Associates. From the first pitch to a PE exit, zero employees to over 200, it’s been quite the ride. 
 
A decade ago, I led a group discussion to convince Sir Michael Barber that we could take the Deliverology methods and go big. At the time, we had already achieved tremendous success with education reform in Pakistan. I believed we could expand that work by partnering with governments worldwide to deliver quantifiable results. 

Out of that initial discussion and aspiration grew Delivery Associates, which has since become a leading global public sector advisory firm.  
 
Over the years, I have played every role as we’ve built the company: the first point of contact for a new delivery unit; training government officials; revamping our marketing strategy; introducing technology and building the product suite; recruiting many members of our stellar team; and, last but not least, serving as a Board member. 

I have enjoyed every minute of it, challenges and all. The results we’ve achieved and the impact we’ve created for clients prove that we’ve done something right. 
 
With today’s announcement, one chapter of my professional life comes to a close. 
 
To Team DA: I am rooting for you. The opportunity to drive effective public services is limitless. From Lahore to Lima, Sydney to San Francisco, London to Ouagadougou, I’ll see you out there. 
 
What’s next for me? 

As a serial early-stage investor, I get excited about meeting founders and applying my experience to bring their visions to life. There are many massive inflection points in the coming decade to build successful companies behind.

I am thrilled to focus on scaling what I have started at Avalanche VC. I have made 30+ investments and am just getting started. More to come!


174 reactions · 55 comments174 · 55 comments

Activity
12,525 followers


Follow

Posts

Comments

Images

Documents
View Katelyn Donnelly’s profile
Katelyn Donnelly

 • 2nd

GP @ Avalanche | Co-founded two companies (0→200+ employees, PE exit) and a $65M venture fund | Looking for market inflections

1mo • Edited • 


Congrats to Prem Kumar and team Humanly (humanly.io) on the $25M Series B!  One of our first Avalanche investments on humanizing the enterprise. 

This team was super early to high-integrity, AI-powered hiring and recruiting. The platform now boasts 8× faster time-to-hire and 20+ hours saved per recruiter each week.

Excited for this capital as you continue to expand and thrive! 🚀

https://lnkd.in/gVZ_y3UA… more


Humanly Raises $25M Series B to Help Companies Hire Faster, Retain, and Stay Fully Staffed — RecTech PRHumanly Raises $25M Series B to Help Companies Hire Faster, Retain, and Stay Fully Staffed — RecTech PR

hrtechnologywire.com


86

3

1
View Katelyn Donnelly’s profile
Katelyn Donnelly

 • 2nd

GP @ Avalanche | Co-founded two companies (0→200+ employees, PE exit) and a $65M venture fund | Looking for market inflections

1mo • 


The lynchpin of government trust and effectiveness is procurement. We need to go from managing inputs and rewarding friends to competitively evaluating suppliers based on their delivery outcomes. 

Great to see Civic Marketplace 2.0 Launch today to empower procurement officers to quickly, compliantly, and effectively manage buying processes.

Onward! 👏 👏 A-H. Hleileh Ron Holifield and the whole team!

https://lnkd.in/gEsYYs44… more


A Better Way to Buy: What Civic Marketplace 2.0 Makes PossibleA Better Way to Buy: What Civic Marketplace 2.0 Makes Possible

civicmarketplace.com


19

​

1
View Katelyn Donnelly’s profile
Katelyn Donnelly

 • 2nd

GP @ Avalanche | Co-founded two companies (0→200+ employees, PE exit) and a $65M venture fund | Looking for market inflections

3mo • Edited • 


This week Zachary Rollins, CFA and I gathered some of the most interesting minds in startups, tech, and venture for our pre-SXSW hangout. The energy in that room reminded me exactly why I moved to Austin.

Conversations about what’s next in energy, defense, AI, and the physical world. New faces meeting people they should have met two years ago. The kind of introductions that turn into companies, deals, and friendships.

This is what the Austin ecosystem looks like when it’s firing on all cylinders and it’s just getting started.

Huge gratitude to our sponsors airCFO , Banc of California and Morrison Foerster for making the night possible. You don’t build a community without people who believe in it early.

See you at the next hang out! Enjoy your SXSW!… more

View Zachary Rollins, CFA’s profile
Zachary Rollins, CFA

  • 3rd+

Early-Stage Building and Investor

3mo • 

Katelyn Donnelly and I brought members of the Austin early-stage community together on Wednesday night for a great evening of building connections and enjoying the company of amazing people in our ecosystem. A huge thank you to airCFO, Banc of California, and Morrison Foerster for sponsoring the gathering. They are excellent partners and supporters of the Austin ecosystem. Shoutouts to Shannon Sibold, Steven DiPasquale, Alex Wittenberg, and Anthony Krueger for making it happen. 

We look forward to seeing everyone at the next one!… more

View image
1/2


41

3

​
View Katelyn Donnelly’s profile
Katelyn Donnelly

 • 2nd

GP @ Avalanche | Co-founded two companies (0→200+ employees, PE exit) and a $65M venture fund | Looking for market inflections

5mo • 


Cybersecurity is one of the biggest issues facing K12 Schools and most data leaks happen from human error.

CyberNut has created a best-in-class, highly efficacious gamified product that upskills and educates everyone on security awareness, and it has grown like wildfire. A true efficacious edutainment Avalanche. 

Massive congrats to the team Oliver Page 🐿️ Leo Shortland and Adil Altaf on this new round of growth financing led by Stephen Wolfe and Growth Street Partners to take CyberNut to the next level!… more

View Oliver Page 🐿️’s profile
Oliver Page 🐿️

  • 3rd+

Co-Founder & CEO at CyberNut

Visit my website

5mo • Edited • 

💰 🐿️  ANNOUNCING A HUGE FUNDING MILESTONE FOR CyberNut!! 🐿️ 💰  

Today, my cofounder Adil Altaf and I are incredibly proud to announce that the CyberNut 🐿️ team has closed a strategic minority growth investment from Growth Street Partners!

This partnership accelerates our mission to protect K-12 schools from modern cyber threats and brings on an investor who truly understands and believes in securing school districts! 🥳 

A few CyberNut highlights from the last year:

📈 Rapid growth across 400,000+ faculty and 1.4M students

🏫 Trusted by school districts like Dallas ISD, Fulton County Schools, Fayette County, East Baton Rouge, and 350+ others! 

🤖 Purpose-built, AI-powered phishing prevention & security awareness designed specifically for K-12

🎯 Focused on the biggest risk in schools today: human behavior

With Growth Street’s support, we’re doubling down on product innovation, go-to-market expansion, and building the category-defining human risk management platform for K-12 education. 🔐👩‍🏫👨‍🏫👧👦

Huge thanks to our customers, team, partners, early investors, advisors, and the Growth Street team for believing in what we’re building and especially the school district leaders who took a bet on us when we were just getting started 🙏

It’s still day 1 for CyberNut, and we’re just getting started 💪

📣 WANT TO JOIN THE CYBERNUT TEAM! WE ARE HIRING 📣 —> https://lnkd.in/drPJCPMu


Hira Khan, JP Hale, Stephen Mirante 🐿️, Jason Noel, Benjamin Seinfeld, Nate Grossman, Stephen Wolfe, Ben Tryba, Nabeel A., Sumit R. 🐿, Mitchell McCormick, Irene Batalla, Payton Ishmael-Smith, Vanessa Schlager, Muzammil H., Mishaal Khan, Adam Lindstrom, Erin Nickerson, Phil Hintz, Ed.S., Frank Murray, Wesley Lombardo, CISSP, CETL, Sabari Raja, Anthony Showalter, Advait Shinde, Ian Connell, Michael Narea, Alberto Arenaza, Steve Kupfer, Prannoy Nambiar, Jinal Jhaveri, Adam Pearson, Robert Bell Wilkins, Yigal Kerszenbaum, Justin Wenig 💫, Mike Berlin, Graham Forman, Shad McGaha,  John Collins, James Heckman, Penny Notamicola, Joe Reed, Dallas Hartshorn, Ralphe Legge

Let’s continue to build the future of K-12 cybersecurity together 💙

#K12Cybersecurity #EdTech #SchoolSafety #CyberNut #Grateful #Fundraising #MissionDriven #Cybersecurity #K12 #EdTech #AI #SaaS #StartupGrowth #HumanRiskManagement… more




22

4

​
View Katelyn Donnelly’s profile
Katelyn Donnelly

 • 2nd

GP @ Avalanche | Co-founded two companies (0→200+ employees, PE exit) and a $65M venture fund | Looking for market inflections

6mo • 


Salvador Dalí once said, "Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings."

Congratulations to Arvind Nagarajan and David Chen for merging thier vision with Astra into a larger platform with Alpha School and GT School to execute their important ambition: building schools that take young people’s potential and ambition seriously.

I’m excited to see this roll out with the Texas ESA program in 2026! A true validation of our Avalanche thesis that Alternative Education Goes Mainstream.

 It’s going to be a busy year.

👏👏👏… more

View David Chen’s profile
David Chen

  • 3rd+

Building GT School

6mo • 

Building the Future of Gifted Education

Throughout building Astra, we studied every player reimagining education for the AI era. Alpha School stood out - not just for their impact and scale, but for a shared conviction: gifted students don't need accommodation. They need acceleration. 

In 2026, I'm thrilled to announce that Astra is joining forces with Alpha Schools to launch GT School - a global network of K-8 schools designed specifically for gifted and talented students. Joe Liemandt's vision for limitless, AI-enabled education combined with Astra's operational expertise will fuel the next chapter for both organizations. Arvind Nagarajan and I are all in and couldn't be more excited. 

So what does GT School do differently? 

Gifted education has it backwards. Most programs try to "accommodate" students who don't fit the system. GT School does the opposite: we built the system that fits them. 

Students accelerate at their natural speed, learn from PhD-level teachers who've built what they're teaching, and create work that goes to the world - not the gradebook. Published books. Shipped Apps. Competition trophies. By 8th grade. It's a school I dreamed of as a kid, wanted to work for during TFA, and an education pioneer I sought to partner with at Google and OpenAI. 

This is the operating system gifted kids have been asking for: limitless academics, professional tools, and a tribe where being smart is cool. Built for a world that needs builders, not consumers. 

Join us: 
Flagship campus in Georgetown, Texas: gt.school
GT Anywhere virtual school: anywhere.gt.school … more


25

1

​
View Katelyn Donnelly’s profile
Katelyn Donnelly

 • 2nd

GP @ Avalanche | Co-founded two companies (0→200+ employees, PE exit) and a $65M venture fund | Looking for market inflections

6mo • Edited • 


This year has been incredible for growth and partnerships at Avalanche, and we are grateful to all our founders, limited partners, and co-investors. 

We’ve continued our focus on companies that are taking advantage of an 'Avalanche’ (massive market inflection point) and founders building their life’s work. 

We want nothing less than to change the world with our founders and help them leave a lasting mark. 

In 2025, we:
✔️ Added 10 new companies in our core fund
✔️Had 8+ existing companies across funds that received follow-on financings at higher valuations.
✔️Even more companies grew with more capital-efficient operational performance. 
✔️Explored new avalanches and offered investments to new partners via SPVs.

Below are a few of our key themes and new companies. 

🙏  Thank you, as always, for being a partner, supporter, and friend.

Look forward to more in 2026! Stay tuned.… more


Avalanche end of year Wrap Up

5 pages


96

9

2
View Katelyn Donnelly’s profile
Katelyn Donnelly

 • 2nd

GP @ Avalanche | Co-founded two companies (0→200+ employees, PE exit) and a $65M venture fund | Looking for market inflections

8mo • 


Excited to share Starbridge's $42M Series A.

Justin Wenig 💫's vision was a bullseye fit with our procurement tech Avalanche (From Red Tape to Red Carpet) and shared belief that businesses selling to the public sector are among the most lucrative and mission-driven enterprises in the world. 

The sales cycle is difficult, and software has a major role to play in improving efficiency and ease of sale. Starbridge is an ecosystem enabler and has many fans across the sector.

Congrats team! … more

View Justin Wenig’s profile
Justin Wenig

  • 2nd

Founder & CEO at Starbridge: AI for Government & Education Intelligence | Prev. Founder & CEO of Coursedog

Visit my website

8mo • 

Excited to announce Starbridge has raised a $42M Series A led by Craft: with participation from Owl, Autotech and many of our customers. 

When I joined Y Combinator with Coursedog back in 2019, only a handful of startups were building for government and schools. 

Everyone else avoided it: too slow, too opaque, too bureaucratic. I felt like I was one of the few technologists that was willing to pay the tax of mucking in government bureaucracy.

I used to think someone else should fix that. But as I dug deeper, I couldn’t ignore how right it felt (and how much fun it was) to build the thing I’d always wished existed.

Starbridge helps companies grow government & school revenue. 

We analyze 100+ unique data sources on government & schools - such as contract expirations, meeting discussions, bids, job changes and contact data and enable companies to build AI agents on top of this data that book pipeline.

For example, a customer can type in: find all cities having problems with keeping the streets clean, find the person from that list of cities in charge of buying product for keeping the streets clean and then create a perfect AI email with the right customer references.

Today, almost 200 companies - from Instructure to ZenCity to Clever - use Starbridge to uncover opportunities before the RFP, turning weeks of manual research into instant insight.

This funding accelerates our mission to catalyze a new era of public-private partnerships that change the world for the better.

We’re hiring for 22+ open roles across CS, Product, GTM, Marketing, and Operations! Reach out if you’d be interested.

Check out our TechCrunch article, job postings, + blog post in the comments below.… more




53

4

​
View Katelyn Donnelly’s profile
Katelyn Donnelly

 • 2nd

GP @ Avalanche | Co-founded two companies (0→200+ employees, PE exit) and a $65M venture fund | Looking for market inflections

8mo • 


It’s been a while since I started my role at OWM as a #OWNER, but I wanted to share this update with everyone.

View celebration image
Starting a new position


75

10

​
View Katelyn Donnelly’s profile
Katelyn Donnelly

 • 2nd

GP @ Avalanche | Co-founded two companies (0→200+ employees, PE exit) and a $65M venture fund | Looking for market inflections

9mo • 


Congrats to Jeff Frommer and team on the launch! 

Ownership for influence is a no brainer and clear Avalanche at inflection. 

Check out the cute video👇… more

View Jeff Frommer’s profile
Jeff Frommer

  • 3rd+

🔜 @VidCon (DM me) - Running creator partnerships for top brands and founders | Built Influence for Equity and the Creator Stock Option Plan™ | Made in NJ |

View my newsletter

9mo • 

Today, I officially launch my new company OWM, an influence for equity platform for founders and creators building the companies of the future. I believe every founder has a story to tell, and creators are the best storytellers; that’s why my launch video has a creator with 60M followers.

For the last decade, I saw firsthand the power of celebrity for equity, but it was complicated, expensive, and reserved for the .01%. 

But creators ARE the new distribution channel, and distribution IS the differentiator.

That’s why I wanted to give more people access to the best incentive in the world; ownership. So if I could make it easier for more founders to give, more creators would get, and these companies could lower their acquisition cost, and punch way above their weight.

Because what if the people who actually influence your customers, get to tell their fans that they believe so much in what you’re building, they were willing to invest in it? Would you earn their trust?

What if it were so easy to give 1, or 100 people who believe in what you’re building, the opportunity to earn a piece of it? Would they help you grow?

There are thousands of creators who want to invest their influence in a business they believe in and can help. 

Our secret sauce is that founders aren’t just looking for creators, they’re looking for customers. Our matching engine finds which creators' audience most overlaps with your customer, then helps answer why they're a long-term fit.

So if you want to grow your business and find the right creator partners who are willing to join you on the entrepreneurial fight, sign up for free at www.owm.ai.

To my wife Sylwia, who designed the absolute best product and who’s put up with my barrage of wild ideas for decades, to my team who worked tirelessly building the most advanced AI matching engine, and to my family, who I pretended we were making a home movie so I didn’t have to pay SAG fees to, thank you. 

I poured my heart and soul into a platform I know will help more entrepreneurs win, because when you own it, you treat it differently, and I believe ownership will be the next great economic driver of this country.

If we can MAKE CREATORS OWNERS, more people will learn why they want to be owners, and that’s the revolution I plan on starting. Join me.

“Impossible has many options”… more




9

2

​
View Katelyn Donnelly’s profile
Katelyn Donnelly

 • 2nd

GP @ Avalanche | Co-founded two companies (0→200+ employees, PE exit) and a $65M venture fund | Looking for market inflections

9mo • 


I was in Buffalo, New York, last week because Jack Greco told me to come speak at the OneROC Springboard speakers series with a few other VCs.

Who is Jack Greco? I think of him as ‘Mr. Buffalo, but he’s a serial founder and investor. A decade ago, he co-founded ACV Auctions, a used automotive auction marketplace, which IPO’d in 2021 for approximately $5.5 billion. 

It's the most significant tech win by far from Buffalo, NY. Jack has been reinvesting his wealth from the sale into startups and venture funds ever since.

I met Jack about four years ago in the most lovely way. You see, Jack refers to himself as ‘The Lorax’ from Buffalo. The reference is from the Dr Seuss book by the same title.

“Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot,
Nothing is going to get better. It’s not.”
― Dr. Seuss, The Lorax

I have an expensive habit of collecting domain names for which I have an intellectual affinity about an underlying concept (Declarative Statements, Obviously The Future, etc.). One of those domain names I had claimed was Unless.VC, which Jack wanted.

Jack suggested we grab a drink while he was in NYC with the intention of getting the domain name. Half a negroni in, Jack committed to investing in my first concept fund, and the domain awaits…something.

Massive thanks to Christopher Schoepflin (on the right), who like Jack, is a lifelong Buffalonian and is working with the Ralph C. Wilson, Jr. Foundation on jump-starting the technology and venture community in Western New York.  I was happy to contribute ideas and insight to economic development in the region and excited to return.

Go Bills!… more

View image
1/2


95

6

2

Show all posts
Experience
Avalanche logo
Founder and Managing Partner

Avalanche

Aug 2022 - Present · 4 yrs

We're not looking for a unicorn. We're looking for an avalanche. Private capital for technology at structural inflection points.

An early investor in Civic Marketplace, Bluesky/AT Proto, Aalo Atomics, Starbridge, Odyssey, Science, Prisms, Franzy, Humanly, Acclinate and more.… more

Wabash Valley Resources logo
Investor and Board Member

Wabash Valley Resources · Part-time

2018 - Present · 8 yrs 7 mos

Indiana’s first fertilizer plant will support America’s agricultural community by creating a reliable supply of domestic, lower-cost fertilizer produced by a zero-carbon process. Backed by the Department of Energy.… more

Delivery Associates logo
Co-Founder, Director, and Board Member

Delivery Associates

Jan 2013 - Dec 2022 · 10 yrs

Global

Over the years, I have played every role as we’ve built the company: the first point of contact for a new delivery unit; training government officials; revamping our marketing strategy; introducing technology and building the product suite; recruiting senior members of our stellar team; devising the exit to Private Equity (Trill Partners); and serving as a Board member. 

DA drives large scale public outcomes with governments and social impact organizations. The deliverology approach has been successfully applied in 40+ countries across education, health and economic development. Technology products being used by Prime Ministers, Governors, Mayors, Ministers and other senior leaders of 30+ countries.

I also founded DA Digital, the division of Delivery Associates, to build digital products to accelerate progress, solve problems, and analyze data for governments.… more

The good news from Pakistan

A radical new approach to aid and development can bring an "end to aid" according to Sir Michael Barber, the former advisor to Prime Minister Tony Blair and the leader of a massive programme of education reform in Pakistan over the last three years.

Kauffman Fellows logo
Fellow - Class 21

Kauffman Fellows

2016 - Jun 2018 · 2 yrs 6 mos

Palo Alto, CA

The Kauffman Fellowship is a prestigious two-year program dedicated exclusively to the world of venture capital and the cultivation of new high-technology, high-growth, high-impact companies. To date, Kauffman Fellows have made $6 billion in venture capital investments, sparking growth in hundreds of new enterprises, $15 billion in annually recurring revenues, and the creation of 50,000 jobs. … more

Pearson logo
Pearson

5 yrs 8 mos

London Area, United Kingdom

co-founder and Managing Director of Pearson Ventures

Jan 2012 - Apr 2017 · 5 yrs 4 mos

Pearson Ventures (prior PALF) is a venture fund with $65M of capital that invests in private schools, education technology, and scalable services in emerging markets.  By the end of 2016, had 10 portfolio companies across 6 countries averaging 140% revenue growth and marked at ~20% gross IRR.  

+Managed and co-founded the fund from inception including structuring, sourcing, deal management, deal execution, and portfolio management
+Managed investment committee including CEO, CFO, and others
+Board member of 5 companies: SPARK Schools, APEC Schools, Omega Schools, HarukaEDU, and Avanti Learning Centres.… more

Thumbnail for Virgin Disruptors: Making learning more affordable in the developing world
Virgin Disruptors: Making learning more affordable in the developing world

At the Virgin Disruptors Future of Education event, Katelyn Donnelly, Managing Director of the Pearson Affordable Learning Fund, and Stacey Brewer, co-founder and CEO of Spark Schools, discussed the lack of quality education in developing countries and shared how they are trying to improve the situation. Find out more: https://www.virgin.com/disruptors

Chief of Staff

Sep 2011 - Dec 2012 · 1 yr 4 mos

Pearson is the world's leading education company. From pre-school to high school, early learning to professional certification, Pearson curriculum materials, multimedia learning tools, and testing programs help to educate millions of people worldwide. Pearson also included the Financial Times Group and Penguin books. 

+Built the Office of the Chief Education Advisor and reported to Sir Michael Barber.
+Devised the first global efficacy strategy and oversaw the implementation
+Built the Research and Innovation team and contributed strategy papers on the future of education… more

Show all
Education
Duke University logo
Duke University

Economics

Activities and societies: Debate Team (President), Duke University Union (President)

Graduated with High Distinction in Economics for honor thesis:  "Time Zone Arbitrage in Vanguard International Mutual Funds"

Book review published in History of Political Economy: http://hope.dukejournals.org/content/40/2.toc… more

Skills (21)
Strategy

Business Strategy

Show all
Recommendations

Received (3)

Given (1)

Gregg Alpert 

· 3rd

Investor, Alpert Investments

March 15, 2017, Gregg reported to Katelyn directly

I had the fortunate opportunity to work for and with Katelyn Donnelly as we built up the Pearson Affordable Learning Fund over the past several years. Katelyn is an absolute force. She is able to navigate challenging circumstances through her excellent business acumen and strategic mind. She is passionate about impact, education and innovation. She works tirelessly to solve problems and is very skilled at building alliances to move projects forward. Katelyn has great analytic abilities and is a strong value add as a board member to many of the PALF portfolio companies. 


Shawn Kwatra 

· 3rd

Joseph W. Burnett Endowed Professor and Chairman of Dermatology, University of Maryland School of Medicine

August 27, 2008, Shawn worked with Katelyn on the same team

Katelyn is always incredibly organized and prepared for meetings. She is a true team player, a pleasure to be around, and always looks at issues from a fresh perspective.

Show all
Publications (5)
Alive in the Swamp: Assessing digital innovations in education

Nesta and New Schools Venture Fund · Jul 1, 2013

Show publication
This report provides an actionable guide to learning technology that will allow founders, funders, and teachers to make better decisions. It identifies persistent gaps in innovation activity and points to what needs to be done if we are to finally make good on the promise of technology to transform learning.  

The authors argue that we should seek digital innovations that produce at least twice the learning outcome for half the cost of our current tools.  To achieve this, three forces need to come together. One is technology, the other pedagogy, and the third is change knowledge, or how to secure transformation across an entire school system. 

The core of the report is the development of an Index that brings these three elements together, and which allows us to systematically evaluate new digital innovations.  We hope that the Index will be used to guide decision making, policy making and innovation effort.… more

Other authors

An Avalanche is Coming: Higher education and the revolution ahead

IPPR · Mar 11, 2013

Show publication
'Our belief is that deep, radical and urgent transformation is required in higher education as much as it is in school systems. Our fear is that, perhaps as a result of complacency, caution or anxiety, or a combination of all three, the pace of change is too slow and the nature of change too incremental.'

‘Should we fail to radically change our approach to education, the same cohort we’re attempting to “protect” could find that their entire future is scuttled by our timidity.’
David Puttnam, MIT, 2012

This wide-ranging essay aims to provoke creative dialogue and challenge complacency in our traditional higher education institutions.

'Just as globalisation and technology have transformed other huge sectors of the economy in the past 20 years, in the next 20 years universities face transformation.'

With a massive diversification in the range of providers, methods and technologies delivering tertiary education worldwide, the assumptions underlying the traditional relationship between universities, students and local and national economies are increasingly under great pressure – a revolution is coming.… more

Other authors


Show all 5 publications
Honors & awards (3)
40 under 40 Rising Star in Venture Capital

Issued by Venture Capital Journal · Jan 2022


Associated with Avalanche

Rising Star #11

Issued by Global Corporate Venturing · Jan 2016


Associated with Pearson

The 100 Rising Stars in the inaugural Global Corporate Venturing awards, represent the top 1% of the industry. Global Corporate Venturing (GCV) selected these stars as representing the brightest prospects, and those who have already been changing the industry. The selection process involved researching more than 10,000 industry professionals across more than 1,000 corporate venturing units to identify these stars. GCV was looking for those below the top rank of the venturing hierarchy in long-established units, based on their deals, career development so far, being an heir apparent and being the glue in the unit.… more

Show all 3 honors & awards

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language


English (English)
Antony SalehStatus is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.