0 notifications


Home
8
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
22
Notifications


Me

For Business
Reactivate Premium: 50% Off


Kelli N. Jones

Co-Founder Be Nimble Foundation & Sixty8 Capital | Building and Investing in Diverse Tech Ecosystems


More
Message

Follow
Cover photo

Kelli N. Jones
· 3rd

Co-Founder Be Nimble Foundation & Sixty8 Capital | Building and Investing in Diverse Tech Ecosystems

United States

·

Contact info


Sixty8 Capital

8,111 followers

·

500+

connections


Follow
Message

More
About
I run two companies. The first is all about culture and social currency. The other is about achieving generational wealth. They are both separate and connected.

Featured
Post

Allow us to introduce our first upskilling cohort of the year!
⁠
Of the 24 participants; 6 are learning Project Management, 7 are learning Data Analytics, 3 are learning UI/UX, 3 are learning Digital Marketing & E-Commerce, 3 are learning Python, 2 are learning IT Solution, and 1 is learning Product Management.⁠
⁠
All of these programs focus on equipping job seekers with the skills they need to be successful in the tech space. We know the learning curve can be steep and that’s why we got you.⁠
⁠
This is for job seekers looking to build skills and confidence for in-demand jobs and earn the certificates needed in today’s digital economy.⁠
⁠
Thank you to Bank of America Microsoft and Google.
⁠
EMPLOYERS: Consider connecting with this talent for mentorship and employment opportunities. https://lnkd.in/gJMfwA_2

LEARNERS: We’ll be launching our second cohort in August! Make sure you make the list! https://lnkd.in/ge9dpwfD
⁠


43 reactions · 1 comment43 · 1 comment

Post

APPLY TO PITCH AND RECEIVE A $5,000 BUSINESS GRANT!

We’re looking for tech and tech-enabled enterprise, consumer products, direct-to-consumer, CPG, and and e-commerce companies and ideas created by Black entrepreneurs in Indiana, Ohio, and Kentucky. 

Applications close April 29th. Swipe for details! APPLICATIONS: www.gardenpardi.com

Tag someone who should apply and drop a 💡 if it’s you! 

——
#WHYWEPARDI: WHAT IS GARDEN PARDI?

Garden Pardi is the summer semi-formal fundraiser to ignite and invest in Black entrepreneurs and is held at the conclusion of Black Innovation Week. $25,000 of the Proceeds from the event will go toward the Black start ups who participate in the idea stage accelerator and demo day associated with the week!

OUR PROGRESS SINCE 2018:

Over 500 entrepreneurs have attended our workshops, seminars, and accelerators. 

Since 2018, founders have received nearly $1M in non-dilutive capital and entrepreneurship resources. 

Founders have gone on to raise almost $10M in venture capital investment and other awards to advance their businesses.


21 reactions · 1 comment21 · 1 comment

Post

Last week we wrapped up our first ever Black Innovation Week with an inaugural Idea-Stage Pitch Pardi competition—and chose 12 edging startups in the tech and consumer products sectors to honor.

The grand prize went to Martina Jackson, who is in the early stages of developing a photography editing suite called Capture Noire that aims to help users capture and edit portraits of people with darker skin tones.

“It’s important to have the tools to take portraits that capture folks in their best light, especially as it relates to skin tones,” said Martina, who also owns Dre & Co., which provides photography and content creation. 

“I’m aiming to take a lot of the guess work out of the process for those who might not have the know-how to do it,” especially for people of color."

Learn more about Martina and the other pitch competition participants here: https://lnkd.in/e8373Qf

Big shout out to our pitch competition and accelerator prize sponsors for helping make this possible:

Fifth Third Bank
Morgan Stanley
Lumina Foundation
Genesys
PNC Bank
AT&T
BCforward
KAR Global
National Association of Black Accountants Inc. - Central Region
Sixty8 Capital
The AES Corporation Indiana
OneAmerica
High Alpha

Big congrats to all founders:
GemCity Selfies
For Every Buy
Align Mental Health 
Bubl
Le Nord Noir
Soul Curly Kit
Rojorganics
Queue0
Pink Champaigne Laundry Services 
Blum 
Ardhio


50 reactions · 3 comments50 · 3 comments

Article


VC Unlocked: Have You Ever Tasted a Traction Sandwich?

Kelli N. Jones on LinkedIn

A few weeks ago, I completed VC Unlocked: Silicon Valley Online, a 3-week course courtesy of 500 Startups & Stanford University. When I saw that the c


Activity
8,111 followers


Follow

Posts

Comments
View Kelli N. Jones’ profile
Kelli N. Jones reposted this


View Kelly Burton, PhD’s profile
Kelly Burton, PhD

  • 2nd

Political Scientist. Author of The Price of Union. CEO of Black Innovation Alliance. Exploring race, power, democracy, and the future of America.

1w • 

What if I told you that American democracy runs on racism?

Not rhetorically, but structurally.

For most of our history, American democracy has relied on a stable racial caste system to organize power and regulate social life. That system provided a measure of stability, even as it consigned entire communities to 
the margins.

As our caste system weakens through demographic change, civil rights gains, and shifting social norms, the democracy built upon it is becoming increasingly unstable.

That is the central argument of my forthcoming book, The Price of Union.
From Jamestown to January 6th, the book traces the relationship between race, power, and democracy and offers a new framework for understanding our current political crisis.

I know the claim that American democracy runs on racism will be controversial for some.

But if you know your girl, you know I'm bringing all the receipts.

The book arrives on September 15.

Pre-order your copy today.

Pre-orders matter. They influence retailer orders, visibility, and whether books like this reach a broader audience.

https://lnkd.in/eTZiqRUH… more

View image

240

63

29
View Kelli N. Jones’ profile
Kelli N. Jones reposted this


View Sandra Velasquez’s profile
Sandra Velasquez

  • 2nd

CEO & Founder of Nopalera | Author | Speaker | Stanford LBAN Cohort 14 | Shark Tank Season 14

4w • 

Taking NOPALERA to new heights , literally! ✈️🇲🇽

It is an honor to have our products included in this incredible amenity kit on international Aeromexico flights during this summer of soccer. ⚽️… more

View company: Aeromexico
Aeromexico

 

1mo • Edited • 

Orgullosos de llevar el nombre y los colores de México a todo el mundo, presentamos un nuevo Amenity Kit edición especial para los vuelos en Cabina Premier One durante esta temporada.​ 

Creado en colaboración con la marca mexicana NOPALERA y FORMIA, incluye dos estilos con todos los esenciales necesarios para elevar tu experiencia; ya sea que te dirijas hacia Europa, Asia y Sudamérica o vueles de regreso a México.​ Con este nuevo Kit, estamos listos para apoyar a nuestro equipo. ¡Vamos México!

#aeromexico #AmenityKit #EstoEsVolar #PremierOne… more


Show translation

Kit Premier One

5 pages


697

73

7
View Kelli N. Jones’ profile
Kelli N. Jones reposted this


View Monique Benoit’s profile
Monique Benoit

  • 3rd+

Retail merchant with a drive to help emerging brands scale | Podcast Host

4w • 

Hey LinkedIn, it's been a minute, but it's my favorite time of the year - we are gearing up for our *FIFTH* MUSE Accelerator at Ulta Beauty. 🧡 🩷 

The MUSE Accelerator is a retail accelerator that includes mentorship, funding, community building and more. The accelerator is catered to emerging brands with a minimal footprint in retail today with exciting category or product innovation. Emerging brands fuel growth in beauty, and I love helping brands navigate retail.

Interested brands should apply today, including those that may have applied before! Applications close on Sunday, June 28th at 11:59 PM PST.

Learn more about MUSE and find the link to apply here: https://lnkd.in/dRzCwYmt

PS - I love this photo from our 2025 cohort, it captures the energy and spirit of their brands!… more

View image

322

37

56
View Kelli N. Jones’ profile
Kelli N. Jones reposted this


View company: Venture Club of Indiana, Inc.
Venture Club of Indiana, Inc.

1mo • Edited • 

🚀 From pitch to scale — showcasing the Best of Indiana innovation on Thursday, June 18, 2026!

The 18th Innovation Showcase by the Venture Club of Indiana highlights what makes our state’s startup ecosystem so powerful: bringing forward the very best founders, ideas, and companies Indiana has to offer—and connecting them with the capital, community, and resources they need to grow.

For nearly two decades, this event has elevated the Best of Indiana, uniting investors, entrepreneurs, and leaders to spotlight high-potential companies and accelerate their journey from early traction to scalable success. It’s more than a pitch competition—it’s a catalyst for economic growth and technological advancement across the state.

As we continue strengthening a more connected innovation ecosystem, initiatives like this ensure Indiana’s top talent and boldest ideas don’t just emerge—they thrive.

👏 Excited to see this year’s Best of Indiana take the stage—and even more excited about what comes next.

🔗 Read more: https://lnkd.in/dahQJjmT

#BestOfIndiana #Innovation #Startups #VentureCapital #Entrepreneurship #Indiana #Tech… more


From Pitch to Scale : Indiana’s 18th Innovation Showcase — Venture Club of IndianaFrom Pitch to Scale : Indiana’s 18th Innovation Showcase — Venture Club of Indiana

ventureclub.org


22

​

7
View Kelli N. Jones’ profile
Kelli N. Jones reposted this


View company: Recast Capital
Recast Capital

1mo • 

Another Recast Retreat in the books, and our best one yet!

We brought together GPs, LPs, and partners at our 3rd annual Recast Retreat: Palm Springs Summit for three days of candid conversation, shared expertise, and genuine community. The venue felt like ours, the content ran deep, and the conversations ran on into the night.

Sessions ranged from proactive portfolio liquidity, to AI ethics, to what makes partnerships actually work. Between the panels, there were guided desert hikes, astronomy under open skies, clay court tennis, art-making, and a fire pit that turned into an open mic.

To every GP who traveled to be there, to the LPs who gave their time and perspective, and to the speakers who shared real experience with the room: thank you.

To our partners who made it possible: Strut Consulting, Sydecar, Mercury, Gunderson Dettmer, Banc of California, Withum and All Places, and to our team, Ava Alemazkoor, Jacqueline Hughes, Lissa Villani, and Caroline Fernandez, who made every detail feel effortless, and of course to our Co-Founders, Courtney Russell McCrea and Sara Zulkosky: we couldn't do any of this without you.

More reflections, speaker highlights, and photos to come. For now, we're still processing how lucky we are to work with such an amazing community.… more

View image
1/2


75

5

5
View Kelli N. Jones’ profile
Kelli N. Jones reposted this


View Sandra Velasquez’s profile
Sandra Velasquez

  • 2nd

CEO & Founder of Nopalera | Author | Speaker | Stanford LBAN Cohort 14 | Shark Tank Season 14

2mo • 

Traveling to Mexico City?

You must stop by the new Ulta Beauty
store on Madero in the historic Centro - one of the busiest streets in Latin America. 

It is unlike any other beauty store you’ve visited. 🌵✨

It is housed in the former MUMEDI (the Mexican Museum of Design). The original murals from the building are still visible on the staircase inside. 

The building was constructed over the palace of Spanish conquistador Hernán Cortés and its foundations rest on part of a pyramid built by the Aztecs.

Felicidades to the entire Ulta Beauty México team for this incredible accomplishment. 

Thank you for inviting the founders to experience these grand openings. Gracias Huguette Cervantes por tu apoyo continuo. 🙏🏽

NOPALERA is available exclusively at Ulta Beauty in Mexico. 

More stores coming soon!… more

View image

725

40

17
View Kelli N. Jones’ profile
Kelli N. Jones reposted this


View Ronda Taylor, PhD’s profile
Ronda Taylor, PhD

  • 3rd+

Helping Entrepreneurs Turn Ideas into Income | Executive Director of Atlas House | Founder of Startup Sprint

2mo • Edited • 

Last night’s Power Moves: Business Insights & Connections event was everything we hoped it would be and more.

We had a strong turnout, an engaged audience, and rich discussion around one of the most important topics for entrepreneurs: how to fund and grow a business.

Our panelists shared practical insight on multiple funding pathways, including grants, investors, traditional lending, and non-traditional financing options. The information shared was valuable, actionable, and exactly the kind of knowledge entrepreneurs need access to.

A sincere thank you to our panelists Kelli N. Jones of Be Nimble, M. Claudia Mendez-Perkins, MEcon of LISC, and Kristle Brooks of Kristle Brooks Investments for generously sharing their expertise, to P30 Indy for sponsoring the space for this experience, and to Willie Price II of Chef B’s Wraps & Sandwiches and Chef Monnese Plummer AAS CUL Arts Baking Pastry Hosp MGMT of Fancy Delights Co. for providing an outstanding culinary experience that made the evening even more special.

What stood out most was the genuine connection in the room; entrepreneurs learning from experts, meeting one another, and building relationships that can lead to future opportunities.

Grateful for everyone who attended and contributed to such a meaningful evening.

We’ll be back on May 26th for our next Power Moves event. More details coming soon! Drew Kincius… more

View image
1/17


31

1

4
View Kelli N. Jones’ profile
Kelli N. Jones reposted this


View Angie Stocklin’s profile
Angie Stocklin

 • 3rd+

Lecturer of Entrepreneurship at Purdue University; Angel Investor; Mentor

2mo • 

There are days and weeks and semesters I feel so lucky to be part of the tech and entrepreneurial ecosystem here in Indy, and this is one of those times. After a semester of amazing folks that volunteered time to speak to my classes or mentor my students at Purdue University in Indianapolis, we finished our last working class day today.

Geoff Zentz, Chelsea Linder, Kelli N. Jones, and Makenzie Norris, visited campus to help my student teams polish up their pitches and pitch decks for the final pitch day this Thursday. Their feedback and advice was invaluable for our upcoming pitches AND for any startup pitches that may come their way in the future.

Thank you, thank you, thank you! I will be forever grateful for the time and energy you pour into our students.

#ENTRPurdue… more

View image
1/2


55

7

1
View Kelli N. Jones’ profile
Kelli N. Jones reposted this


View company: Pyxera Global
Pyxera Global

 

2mo • 

Throughout a leadership development initiative where JPMorganChase executives collaborate with nonprofit organizations, one theme stood out: the power of partnership and shared learning. 
  
What resonated most wasn’t just the innovative ideas exchanged—it was the new perspectives gained. Our participants were inspired by: 
  
1️⃣ Nonprofit leaders who build impactful, resilient organizations with limited resources. 
2️⃣ The discipline and intentionality behind every decision. 
3️⃣ The creativity that emerges when working within constraints. 
  
When leaders step outside their day-to-day environments, they don’t just share expertise, they broaden their understanding of leadership, resourcefulness, and impact. And when nonprofit leaders are engaged as true partners, the result is more than a one-day workshop—it’s the beginning of ongoing connection, collaboration, and shared problem solving. 
  
This is the real value of #SkillsBasedVolunteering: not just what's contributed, but what’s learned and built together. 
  
We appreciate the organizations who participated with openness, clarity, and ambition, and the JPMorganChase leaders who engaged wholeheartedly. This is what #PurposefulPartnership looks like.

#CorporateCitizenship #CommunityImpact #CommunityEngagement … more

View image

20

2

3
View Kelli N. Jones’ profile
Kelli N. Jones reposted this


View Sandra Velasquez’s profile
Sandra Velasquez

  • 2nd

CEO & Founder of Nopalera | Author | Speaker | Stanford LBAN Cohort 14 | Shark Tank Season 14

2mo • 

Women over 40, I know you’re on this platform!

Nopalera is looking for two content creators over 40. This is a paid monthly retainer position. 

Our team does all the editing so you can focus on making authentic videos. 

Is this you? Know anyone ?

Apply >> https://lnkd.in/ddVKVy6E… more

View image

546

60

65

Show all posts
Experience
Sixty8 Capital logo
Co-Founder & General Partner

Sixty8 Capital · Full-time

Feb 2019 - Present · 7 yrs 6 mos

Greater Indianapolis/Los Angeles, CA

We invest in creator economy infrastructure, community platforms, and creator-founded CPG and tech solutions closing the wealth, health, and digital divide. They are the market makers...founders who are often overlooked, but who understand their markets better than anyone.… more

Thumbnail for ‘The Talent Is Here’: Black Women-Led VC Firm Sixty8 Capital Launches First $20 Million Fund To Invest In Underrepresented Midwestern Founders
Thumbnail for Sixty8 Capital Launches New VC Fund For Black, Latinx, Women and LGBTQ+ Founders | Essence
 Impact Investing, Ecosystem development and +5 skills

Be Nimble Foundation logo
Founder/CEO

Be Nimble Foundation

Oct 2016 - Present · 9 yrs 10 mos

Greater Indianapolis/Dallas, TX/Los Angeles, CA

Be Nimble is a 501(c)(3) social enterprise with the goal of advancing diversity initiatives to create fully inclusive tech ecosystems. We focus our efforts on workforce development and start-up and entrepreneurship support. We help people gain high-paying jobs in technology and support diverse start-up founders through our accelerators, workshops, and pitch competitions. We are here to close the economic wealth gap and create generational wealth for our community.

What does it mean to Be Nimble? 
Not tied to trends. Forecasting what’s next. Being flexible enough to know that nothing is permanent.… more

Thumbnail for Indiana Minority Business Magazine honors minority tech professionals
Thumbnail for Event to 'Unpack' Diversity Issues in Tech Sector
+3

 Impact Investing, Ecosystem development and +5 skills

From Nap, With Love logo
Founder

From Nap, With Love

Sep 2016 - Present · 9 yrs 11 mos

Indianapolis

Chief Strategic Officer. The backbone. The Khaleesi. Running daily operations for a growing community of innovators, creatives, and culture juggernauts.

Thumbnail for The Pardi Gras Ball Recap Video
Thumbnail for Hurricanes and Hand Grenades
Thumbnail for Welcome To #TraphausIndy
 Ecosystem development, Economic Development and +2 skills

Allos Ventures logo
Program Manager

Allos Ventures · Contract

Aug 2020 - Apr 2021 · 9 mos

Indianapolis, Indiana, United States

Black Hatch Fund founder Kelli Jones joins Allos Ventures - Indianapolis Business Journal

Jones, the groundbreaking co-founder of Black Hatch Fund—a venture capital fund and accelerator that supports Black tech entrepreneurs—has been hired by one of the biggest and best-known venture capital firms in Indiana.

 Impact Investing, Ecosystem development and +5 skills

Techstars logo
Program Manager, The Heritage Group Accelerator

Techstars

Apr 2019 - Apr 2020 · 1 yr 1 mo

Greater Indianapolis

Techstars is the worldwide network that helps entrepreneurs succeed. Each year, Techstars chooses over 400 companies to join its 3-month mentorship-driven accelerator, investing $120K and providing hands-on mentorship and access to the Techstars Network for life. This program is designed to help startups gain traction through deep mentor engagement, rapid iteration cycles, and fundraising preparation.… more

Thumbnail for The Heritage Group Unveils 'Very Intensive' Accelerator
 Impact Investing, Ecosystem development and +5 skills

Show all
Education
Stanford University logo
Stanford University

Executive Education Certificate, Venture Capital

2020 – 2020

Was a part of the 2020 Cohort of VC Unlocked, an invite-only investor training program for emerging leaders who want to shape the future of the venture capital industry. 

2020 MaC Venture Capital Diversity Scholarship recipient.… more

Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law logo
Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law

Show all 3 educations
Volunteering (10)

IMPACT Central Indiana Board Member

Central Indiana Community Foundation

Oct 2021 - Present · 4 yrs 10 mos

Economic Empowerment


Board Member

Venture Club of Indiana, Inc.

Nov 2023 - Present · 2 yrs 9 mos

Economic Empowerment

Show all 10 volunteer experiences
Skills (38)
Venture Capital


5 experiences at Sixty8 Capital and 4 other companies

Impact Investing


6 experiences at Sixty8 Capital and 5 other companies

Show all
Honors & awards (4)
IBJ Indiana 250 Most Influential Business Leaders

Issued by Indianapolis Business Journal · Oct 2022


Associated with Be Nimble Foundation

Thumbnail for Kelli N. Jones - Indiana 250
Kelli N. Jones - Indiana 250

Mira Award for Investor of The Year

Issued by Techpoint · Apr 2022


Associated with Sixty8 Capital

Thumbnail for Sixty8 Capital wins Investor of the Year Mira Award
Sixty8 Capital wins Investor of the Year Mira Award

Show all 4 honors & awards
Languages
English

Japanese

Organizations (5)
EmployIndy

Board Member · Jun 2019 – Present

Indiana Debate Commission

Board Member · Jan 2018 – Present

Show all 5 organizations
Interests

Top Voices

Companies

Groups

Newsletters

Schools

Tony Robbins 

· 3rd

#1 New York Times best-selling author, life and business strategist, philanthropist, entrepreneur

7,424,741 followers


Follow

Gary Vaynerchuk 

· 2nd

Chairman – VaynerX, CEO – VaynerMedia, Creator – VeeFriends

5,969,211 followers


Follow
Show all
Causes
Arts and Culture • Children • Civil Rights and Social Action • Economic Empowerment • Education • Health • Human Rights • Social Services


About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language


English (English)
Antony SalehStatus is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.