0 notifications


Home
8
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
23
Notifications


Me

For Business
Reactivate Premium: 50% Off


Linda Fingerle

President / Managing Director Tappan Hill Ventures


More

Follow
Message
Cover photo

Linda Fingerle
· 3rd

President / Managing Director Tappan Hill Ventures

Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States

·

Contact info

Shoonya Digital, Inc.


University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business

500+

connections

Message

Follow

More
Activity
1,026 followers


Follow

Posts

Comments
View Linda Fingerle’s profile
Linda Fingerle reposted this


View Trinabh Gupta’s profile, hiring
Trinabh Gupta

  • 3rd+

CEO, DataUnite & Associate Professor at University of California, Santa Barbara

1mo • 

Later this month, the DataUnite, Inc. team will be on the podium at ISPOR—The Professional Society for Health Economics and Outcomes Research, marking a milestone in the validation of our federated analytics platform, Virtual Pooling™, for use in real world multicenter research.  

Working with investigators at University of California, San Francisco and UC Irvine, and in collaboration with Genentech, we replicated a published causal inference study across two academic medical centers, without centralizing a single patient record, producing results identical to the original centralized values.  

This validates what the team at DataUnite has believed from the start: privacy-preserving federated analytics isn't just theoretically sound, it also works in practice, and in real health systems.  

If you're attending ISPOR 2026, come hear us on the podium (May 18th, 4:45 PM session on Novel Real-World Evidence Applications). And if multicenter real-world evidence is on your roadmap, let's talk.

#ISPORAnnual #ISPOR2026 #HEOR #RealWorldEvidence #HealthcareData #CausalInference #MedicalAffairs … more

View image

26

2

1
View Linda Fingerle’s profile
Linda Fingerle reposted this


View Kavitta Ghai’s profile
Kavitta Ghai

  • 3rd+

CEO at Nectir—we’re building the classroom of the future.

1yr • Edited • 

🎉 Thrilled and humbled to announce that we've just launched one of the largest AI pilots in American public education history: Nectir AI is partnering with the California Community Colleges system to bring AI Course Assistants to all 118 colleges, potentially impacting millions of students.

The pilot will measure AI's impact on course completion, student persistence, and academic performance—building on our proven results at Los Angeles Pacific University where students using our AI Course Assistants saw a 20% increase in GPA. This groundbreaking initiative, running from Fall 2024 through Spring 2025, will be open to all 118 schools in the system, with expectations to onboard over 300 instructors by Spring 2025.

We're taking a significant step toward making 24/7 personalized learning support available to every community college student in California. The scale and potential impact of this initiative could fundamentally reshape how we approach educational support in public higher education. None of this would be possible without the innovative leadership and support of Craig Hayward and the Foundation for California Community Colleges.

Join us tomorrow, October 24th, 1-2pm PST, to learn more and secure your spot! We'll also be hosting another info and onboarding session in November if you aren't able to make it to this one.

More info here: https://lnkd.in/gMnZ4PBU… more


California Community Colleges Launches Groundbreaking Pilot with Nectir AICalifornia Community Colleges Launches Groundbreaking Pilot with Nectir AI

nectir.io


252

31

22
View Linda Fingerle’s profile
Linda Fingerle

  • 3rd+

President / Managing Director Tappan Hill Ventures

7yr • Edited • 


Tappan Hill's portfolio company Groundspeed Analytics, Inc. founder, Jeff Mason, Ross MBA, has a terrific opportunity to join his fast growing InsurTech startup.

Jeff Mason
Founder & Co-CEO of Groundspeed Analytics, Inc.

Hey Groundspeed is hiring two (2) product owners to work out of our Ann Arbor, Michigan Headquarters.  Be part of one of the fastest growing InsurTech startups in the world!  Work on cool stuff with smart, dedicated and friendly people.  Refer to the following link for more information.  https://lnkd.in/esSUYqc… more

LinkedIn: Log In or Sign UpLinkedIn: Log In or Sign Up

linkedin.com


12

​

1
View Linda Fingerle’s profile
Linda Fingerle

  • 3rd+

President / Managing Director Tappan Hill Ventures

8yr • 


View Puneet Manchanda’s profile
Puneet Manchanda

  • 3rd+

Professor, Researcher, Educator, Editor, Speaker, Board Member, Consultant & Angel Investor

8yr • 

Great to have our University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business alums Linda Fingerle of Tappan Hill Ventures and Harinee Sampath of Prayani talking to my Evening MBA Core class on how critical marketing is for entrepreneurs and startups.… more

View image

17

1

​

Show all posts
Experience
Board Member

Shoonya Digital, Inc.

Jan 2025 - Present · 1 yr 7 mos

Livegistics, Inc. logo
Board Observer

Livegistics, Inc.

Aug 2023 - Present · 3 yrs

Detroit Metropolitan Area

BeTheBeast Inc. logo
Board Member

BeTheBeast Inc.

Dec 2020 - Present · 5 yrs 8 mos

California, United States

Verified ✅ logo
Investor and Advisor

Verified ✅

Jun 2020 - Present · 6 yrs 2 mos

buildpulse logo
Board Member

buildpulse

Nov 2017 - Present · 8 yrs 9 mos

Show all
Education
University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business logo
University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business

Master of Business Administration - MBA

Michigan State University logo
Michigan State University

Bachelor of Accounting

Show all 3 educations
Skills (21)
Board Level

Program Management

5 endorsements

Show all

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language


English (English)
Antony SalehStatus is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.