0 notifications


Home
8
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
23
Notifications


Me

For Business
Reactivate Premium: 50% Off


Maryanna Saenko

Co-founder and Partner at Future Ventures


More

Follow
Message

Maryanna Saenko
· 3rd

Co-founder and Partner at Future Ventures

San Francisco Bay Area

·

Contact info


Future Ventures


Carnegie Mellon University

500+

connections

Message

Follow

More
Activity
2,511 followers


Follow
Maryanna has no recent posts

Recent posts Maryanna shares will be displayed here.

Show all posts
Experience
Future Ventures logo
Co-founder and Partner

Future Ventures

Nov 2018 - Present · 7 yrs 9 mos

San Francisco Bay Area

At Future Ventures, we support passionate founders who are forging the future. We have backed the visionaries who push the boundaries of possibility and explore the frontier of the unknown.

Recent investments include: 64xBio, Alice Technologies, Beeflow, Cambrian, Commonwealth Fusion Systems, Copernic Catalysts, Deep Genomics, Doloromics, Earthshot Labs, Faeth, Gameto, Ockam, Opentrons, and Verdant Robotics.… more

Thumbnail for Future.Ventures
Future.Ventures

Early-stage venture capitalists with a focus on founder-led, mission-driven companies at the cutting edge of disruptive technology and new industry formation. 

Khosla Ventures logo
Principal

Khosla Ventures

Jun 2018 - Nov 2018 · 6 mos

Menlo Park, CA

DFJ logo
Senior Associate

DFJ

Apr 2017 - May 2018 · 1 yr 2 mos

San Francisco Bay Area

Member of the early stage investment team at DFJ, a venture capital firm based in Silicon Valley. 

Airbus Ventures logo
Investment Partner

Airbus Ventures

May 2016 - Mar 2017 · 11 mos

San Francisco Bay Area

As an Investment Partner at Airbus Ventures, the fast-moving, intensely curious early-stage investment group, Maryanna seeks exceptional, inspired founders from around the world who will set the course for ground-breaking innovation in mobility, security and the future of flight. The vision of the fund is to continuously ignite interest in the wonder that is aerospace. 

Headquartered in Silicon Valley and Paris, the fund supports start-ups across the globe and is a valuable, efficient, and energetic partner to those who recognize that advances in aerospace will impact all life on Earth and beyond.… more

Lux Research Inc. logo
Research Analyst

Lux Research Inc.

Feb 2014 - May 2016 · 2 yrs 4 mos

Led Lux’s Autonomous Systems 2.0 service, which covered technological developments as well as market developments in robotics. These developments include autonomous vehicles, robotics, unmanned aerial vehicles and artificial intelligence.… more

Show all
Education
Carnegie Mellon University logo
Carnegie Mellon University

Bachelor’s Degree, Materials Science and Engineering, Biomedical Engineering

Carnegie Mellon University logo
Carnegie Mellon University

Master’s Degree, Materials Science and Engineering

Skills (17)
Materials Science


Endorsed by Mike McHenry who is highly skilled at this


Endorsed by 2 colleagues at Lux Research

13 endorsements

Characterization


Endorsed by 2 colleagues at Cabot Corporation

9 endorsements

Show all
Publications
Understanding the Structure of Communication: Sorting Through the Protocols Behind the Industrial Internet

Lux Research · Dec 23, 2014

Show publication
As IT companies are touting the $10 trillion to $20 trillion potential of Internet-connected devices, many market players are confused. Two key applications for connected devices are manufacturing processes and building systems, both of which have not fully leveraged networks to monitor, analyze, and act on collected data to manage their huge primary energy inputs. In this report, we evaluate the protocols used to manage machine-to-machine (M2M) communication, at the middleware level, and wirelessly at the transport level. We then map the disruptive potential of each of these communication modes across various sensing and control applications across building systems and manufacturing processes. While we predict open protocols will succeed, they will be a partial solution, as there is no one size fits all protocol. This analysis considers the mix of as hardware makers must closely scrutinize power inputs, security, range, and network topology end users and hardware developers must consider to enable a true industrial internet.… more

Other authors



Languages
English

Native or bilingual proficiency

Russian

Native or bilingual proficiency

Interests

Companies

Groups

Schools

Future Ventures, CompanyFuture Ventures

4,651 followers


Follow

Khosla Ventures, CompanyKhosla Ventures

131,381 followers


Follow
Show all

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language


English (English)
Antony SalehStatus is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.