0 notifications


Home
8
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
22
Notifications


Me

For Business
Reactivate Premium: 50% Off


Natalia Bishop

Venture | Investment | Strategy | Tech | Community


More
Message

Follow
Cover photo

Natalia Bishop
· 3rd

Venture | Investment | Strategy | Tech | Community

Louisville Metropolitan Area

·

Contact info


Stanford University

2,471 followers

·

500+

connections


Follow
Message

More
About
I’m originally from Colombia but I’ve called Louisville home for the last 20 years, I live here with my husband, two kids, and Boston terrier Snoop.

I invest with empathy in bold, early-stage founders generating impact at scale. As the Director of Innovation and Entrepreneurship at The University of Louisville I focused on building a regional ecosystem that launches, attracts, and supports scalable companies focused on health-equity issues. with a commitment to engage the communities most impacted by health equity disparities and leveraging our resources to support innovation and entrepreneurship across the region.

I got my footing as a CEO when I founded Story, Louisville’s first coworking space dedicated to growing the startup ecosystem in our city and bringing accessibility and equity into our startup community. Through this experience, I earned my entrepreneurial stripes, learning lessons about scalability, fundraising, building a team, and an inspiring brand, but most importantly how to build community and pivoted to become a tech founder and CEO of Level Up, a modern education company helping women gain skills to develop their careers and explore their interests by giving content creators the tools they need to share their passion and knowledge live-online and on-demand in a curated marketplace and supportive community.

As a well-known leader in the Louisville startup ecosystem, I have been recognized by Louisville Business First with the 40 under 40 award and I participate on multiple boards including GLI’s Tech First and Wild Accelerator. I am frequently requested to consult startups, as well as deliver keynotes and workshops that highlight my areas of expertise which are: Diversity and Inclusion in tech, building collaborative and innovative company culture, becoming an inspiring leader in your organization, How to start a company, building products with a triple bottom line, empowering women to pursue their passions through profitability. My lanes of genius are helping you create your MVP and validate your thesis around your product, preparing you to pitch, and creating a fundraising strategy that works for you.

Additional passion projects include Chairperson of the board for Wild Accelerator for female founders, Board member for Actors Theater of Louisville, Host for Creative Mornings, Louisville and mentoring for Amplify Louisville and Russell Tech Business Incubator for Black and Latinx Founders.

Activity
2,471 followers


Follow

Posts

Comments

Videos

Images
View Natalia Bishop’s profile
Natalia Bishop

  • 3rd+

Venture | Investment | Strategy | Tech | Community

10mo • 


Super happy to champion this, Kela Ivonye is bringing this amazing AI upskilling to Louisville and there are 2 spots left, scholarships provided by Amplify Startups, Story and Wild Accelerator.

Non-technical Founders looking to build fast, folks in marketing, ops, sales or if you are curious about AI in general, let's get it!!! … more

View Kela Ivonye’s profile
Kela Ivonye

  • 3rd+

Learning new things 

10mo • Edited • 

Exciting news: we’ve secured enough sponsorships to make 75% of AIprep (A 4-week AI upskilling workshop) free to attend.

One’s financial situation should never be a barrier to gaining practical AI skills, and this support ensures more people in our community can benefit from the AI revolution happening right now.

Special thanks to Natalia Bishop & Story, as well as Larry Horn & Amplify Startups for stepping up as champions of this effort. 🙏 Your leadership and support make this possible.

Thanks also to the many individuals who answered our calls. You are all part of something greatly needed, and I can’t wait to see the success stories that will come out of this workshop series.

If you know anyone that can benefit from the workshop. Please send them to www.aiprep.xyz

And thank you to Business First Louisville for featuring this initiative and helping us spread the word.

See the latest Business First Louisville feature here 👇

https://lnkd.in/ege27a2k… more


New AI course in NuLu aims to solve 'chicken-and-egg' problem for founders - Louisville Business FirstNew AI course in NuLu aims to solve 'chicken-and-egg' problem for founders - Louisville Business First

bizjournals.com


25

1

1
View Natalia Bishop’s profile
Natalia Bishop reposted this


View Courtney Falato’s profile
Courtney Falato

  • 3rd+

Senior Vice President, External Engagement 

10mo • Edited • 

**Post Now Closed** I am so excited to share that the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland is seeking a Vice President of Community Development and Community Affairs Officer (CAO) to join our External Engagement team! The CAO leads the Bank’s community development function, a multi-disciplinary team of research and engagement professionals focused on surfacing insights, identifying barriers to economic mobility and elevating promising solutions that support low- and moderate- income (LMI) communities across the Fourth District.
This role offers the option to be based in Cleveland, OH, Columbus, OH, Cincinnati, OH, or Pittsburgh, PA. If you are interested (or know someone who might be a good fit), please apply at the link below!
https://lnkd.in/giVtdvKw… more


Vice President of Community Development and Community Affairs OfficerVice President of Community Development and Community Affairs Officer

rb.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com


349

3

103
View Natalia Bishop’s profile
Natalia Bishop reposted this


View Daniela Andrade’s profile
Daniela Andrade

  • 2nd

Fulbright Scholar | Harvard’25 Grad Bridging the Gap Between Female Students and Entrepreneurship | Her Campus Media 22 Under 22

10mo • 

My first week in Amsterdam taught me that America is optimizing for the wrong things.

In the city where bikes outnumber people, I watched something radical: an entire society designed for collective wellbeing, not individual hustle.

Back in Harvard and NYC, I spent four years surrounded by personal optimization:

Biohacking supplements. Sleep tracking apps. $300 monthly gym memberships. Green juice cleanses. Continuous glucose monitors. Cold plunges.

Everyone optimizing their individual performance while our collective infrastructure crumbles.

Meanwhile, in Amsterdam:

• More bikes than people—because the infrastructure makes cycling safer than driving.

• Public transport that actually works—no "signal problems" or mysterious 45-minute delays.

• Childcare built into the social contract—not a luxury for the privileged few.

• Green spaces every few blocks—not because it's trendy, but because humans need nature.

The irony hit me hard:

America has more health tech startups than any nation on Earth.

Yet in most big cities in the U.S., we can't trust the subway. Can't afford childcare. Can't bike without risking our lives.

We've built a $4.5 trillion wellness industry selling solutions to problems that better infrastructure would prevent.

In the U.S., I see digital health companies raising millions to sell:

• Personalized supplements (when we need clean eating)

• Stress-reduction apps (when we need walkable cities)

• Sleep optimization tools (when we need reasonable work hours)

• Metabolic testing kits (when we need affordable fresh food)

We're medicating symptoms while ignoring root causes.

My Estonian mother understood this intuitively. 

In her village of 1,300 people, wellbeing wasn't a product—it was woven into daily life. 

Fresh food from the garden. Walking everywhere. Community support as default, not luxury.

Now I'm watching the Dutch prove it scales.

They didn't optimize individuals. They optimized society.

And guess what? The Netherlands has:

• Higher life expectancy than the U.S.

• Lower healthcare costs

• Better mental health outcomes

Because when you design for collective flourishing, individuals thrive.

Silicon Valley keeps asking: "How do we help people live better?"

The Netherlands answered: "Design a world where living better is the default."

Maybe the most disruptive thing we can build isn't another wellness app.

It's infrastructure that makes wellness inevitable.

The future isn't personal optimization.

It's collective transformation.

And it starts with asking: What if we stopped selling individualized solutions and started building systems?… more

View image

46,124

4,359

2,927
View Natalia Bishop’s profile
Natalia Bishop

  • 3rd+

Venture | Investment | Strategy | Tech | Community

10mo • 


Vamos Colombia!!! 🇨🇴 LATAM founder and investor friends do not miss this!!! 

The fomo is real for me this year!!… more

View company: Colombia Tech Week
Colombia Tech Week

10mo • 

🎬 La semana más esperada del año tech está por comenzar
Y tú… ¿ya tienes tu pase para vivirla desde primera fila?

Del networking más exclusivo, a los encuentros que derriban barreras, pasando por brunchs, talleres con sabor colombiano, cócteles que conectan mentes brillantes y hasta picnics de yoga para recargar energía… Colombia Tech Week es mucho más que eventos, es la experiencia que marca tu año.

🚀 Asegura tu lugar y elige tu propia aventura:

✧ Impact Ecosystem Yoga Picnic ✧ by ReFi Collective, Azaí Consultores https://lu.ma/5d8kbc3d

Tecnología inclusiva para romper barreras: TINCADIA en acción https://lu.ma/by3qb6uy

Dubai Connect: An Exclusive Gathering for Family Offices By Dubai Chambers and T&C Consulting https://lu.ma/2ajz4tci

Taller Arepas & Hogao: Workshop with a delicious outcome By Pygma, Startups Latam, DAVALOS MICHEL https://lu.ma/3um14c8s

Colombia Tech Cocktail by Mana Tech, Efecty, LENS PR, Embajada Británica en Colombia, CTW & PAG LAW https://lu.ma/32yakvra

Brunch: Más mujeres Inversionistas by Teia Invest https://lu.ma/4ml5hd94

📅 Del 18 al 27 de agosto – Bogotá & Medellín
🎟️Inscribete lo más rápido, Cupos limitados
… more


Show translation

Colombia Tech Awards

4 pages


10

​

​
View Natalia Bishop’s profile
Natalia Bishop

  • 3rd+

Venture | Investment | Strategy | Tech | Community

10mo • 


This year's Midwest Startups by M25 list is out!! 

Louisville lost some ground this year (#13) but I'm curious wether Congo Brands Alani Nutrition $1.8B exit is accounted for.  It is interesting to me how we continue to discount CPG in Venture but this is definitely a key piece of our startup community's identity in Louisville wether we recognize it or not.  

The momentum from amazing companies like Eric Wentworth and JD Mitchell at Modica, the folks at Cornbread Hemp®, Hectare's paints a different picture for us in 2026. … more

View Jake Budler’s profile
Jake Budler

  • 3rd+

VP of Platform | Bookstore Owner | Bike Advocate | NPS = 100

10mo • Edited • 

It's Midwest Startup Christmas 🎄

AKA the Midwest Startups by M25 Startup City Rankings 2025 are out!

I really do get stoked when the rankings drop - it's a fantastic (data-backed) rankings list with great insights and commentary, particularly with the apt literary intro to this year's rankings: "it was the best of times; it was the worst of times."

Here's my first quick reactions to the 2025 rankings:

➡ Despite a "quiet" year - Indy still sits #3. Let's go. (And, despite both dropping - Lafayette and Bloomington still crack the top 20, giving Indiana 3/20 and 5/30)

➡ Like the M25 team called out, Ann Arbor is on a hot streak. Now at #5, they have to top Pittsburgh or Indy to keep moving up... But they already topped Columbus, OH so never say never. Big exits = big impacts.

➡ I'm surprised that Ohio only claims #6, #10, and #12 - the state is doing a lot of things right and has a ton of momentum. I'm long Ohio (ugh, as much as it pains me to say that) and reckon we'll see some climbing in the next 2-3 years. Plus, predictions are free to make since no one is going to see this in 3 years from now.

➡ Louisville Metro had a fantastic exit (looking at you Julia Regan, MBA and RxLightning) but still lost ground to #13. I'm not sure if that exit made it into the data, so it could bump Louisville next year.

➡  The tale of two Bloomingtons... If you ever wonder the impact that a few entrepreneurs and strong leadership with long-term vision can have on an ecosystem - just check out Bloomington IN (#17) and Bloomington IL (#50). Great work by Pat East, The Mill, and many more over the years down in Brown County.

Merry Midwest Startup Christmas - check out the full rankings and drop your hot takes in the peanut gallery below: https://lnkd.in/guNaXivY

Great work as always to Katie Birge and the entire M25 team!… more


2025 Best of the Midwest: Startup City Rankings2025 Best of the Midwest: Startup City Rankings

blog.midweststartups.com


18

2

​
View Natalia Bishop’s profile
Natalia Bishop

  • 3rd+

Venture | Investment | Strategy | Tech | Community

10mo • 


What I Learned Today – Day 2
I watched a ramen egg tutorial (link in comments) and accidentally unlocked a startup investing lesson.

The ingredients can be perfect—team, tech, traction—but if the timing’s off? You don’t get umami—you get underwhelming.

The magic is in recognizing the timing and the wave before it comes.  For me, I lean on the concept of adjacent possible and human trends.
What about you? How are you recognizing timing in your life, startup or investments today?

#WhatILearnedToday #StillLearning #VCTruths #RamenEggWisdom #TimingIsEverything #FounderEnergy #BuildingBold #VCTruths #HumanAF… more




14

7

​
View Natalia Bishop’s profile
Natalia Bishop

  • 3rd+

Venture | Investment | Strategy | Tech | Community

11mo • 


What I Learned Today – Day 1

Julius Caesar added July. Augustus added August.

And now we live in the middle of their personal branding strategy.

It made me think about legacy—and how even small decisions can echo for centuries.

For me, Im working my ass off to make sure I leave louisville better than when I arrived here 20 yrs ago by helping create a supportive and inclusive startup community.  

What are you hoping to leave behind, and how are you intentional about it?

#WhatILearnedToday #LegacyWork #StillLearning #VCTruths #HumanAF #FounderEnergy #BuildingBold… more




46

6

​
View Natalia Bishop’s profile
Natalia Bishop

  • 3rd+

Venture | Investment | Strategy | Tech | Community

11mo • 


What I Learned Today – Day 0

I’m starting something new.

Every day, I make intentional time to learn something. Sometimes it's a skill, sometimes it’s a cosmic truth about startups, investing, or the universe. Other days it’s something one of my kids casually says that hits harder than a Harvard case study.

So instead of keeping those lessons to myself, I’m going to share them—one small learning at a time.

🧠 A quick thought.
 🎥 A short video.
 💥 A real, unfiltered human moment.

Some of them will be about VC. Some about parenting. Some about identity. Or rest. Or failing big. Or growing quietly.

But every one of them will be part of the same thing: my real-time learning journey.

I’m calling it “What I Learned Today.”

Think of it like a public journal for those of us who are still growing, still building, still showing up with curiosity (and maybe a little caffeine).

See you in the Day 1 post.

#WhatILearnedToday #StillLearning #FounderEnergy #HumanAF #BuildingBold #VCTruths #DailyReflection… more


39

7

​
View Natalia Bishop’s profile
Natalia Bishop

  • 3rd+

Venture | Investment | Strategy | Tech | Community

11mo • Edited • 


My friend Tony Cueva Bravo is giving away 30 day passes to Hustle Fund’s Angel Squad, if you are thinking about investing this is it, do it.  

It’s a blast, you learn a ton, will give you a look at some of the best early stage companies, and will do it with people who have heart and actually know their shit.  

And yes, that’s me in the background of this photo looking a fool with the Orange crew (the best crew in case that wasn’t clear) at this year’s Camp Hustle 🤣… more

View Tony Cueva Bravo’s profile
Tony Cueva Bravo

  • 2nd

Venture Partner @ Hustle Fund | Founder @ Orbis Capital (AI GTM for startups) | Angel Investor

Visit my website

11mo • 

Back in 2021, in the middle of the pandemic, I joined Hustle Fund's Angel Squad as a complete beginner to angel investing. I had no idea what I was doing, but the Hustle Fund team Elizabeth Yin Eric Bahn Shiyan K. Brian Nichols Haley Bryant taught me everything - from investment fundamentals to how to evaluate early-stage startups.

Thanks to their program, I made my first angel investment in Rebill.com. Little did I know this would become one of my best investments ever:

-Got accepted into Y Combinator W22
-Raised a $3.5M pre-seed round led by Tiger Global, with participation from Soma Capital, SV Angel, Guillermo Rauch (Vercel), and Arash Ferdowsi (Dropbox).  
-Became the go-to payment platform for fast-growing startups and businesses across LatAm

That single investment taught me what Angel Squad is all about: 𝐟𝐢𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐨𝐮𝐭𝐥𝐢𝐞𝐫𝐬 𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐥𝐲. A investment in the right company can truly be life-changing.

Want to start your own angel investing journey? I'm offering FREE 30-day guest passes to Angel Squad - the angel investing community with 2,000+ members across 40+ countries. You don't need to be an accredited investor to join and learn (though you do need accreditation to actually invest).

What you get with the guest pass:
-Live pitch calls with real investment opportunities
-Access to Hustle Fund's curated deal pipeline (top 0.5% of companies they see)
-Learning sessions based on insights from 40,000+ startup evaluations
-Quarterly in-person networking events in 20+ global cities
-4+ years of recorded content with AI summaries and highlight recaps
-Curated 1:1 matches and small group networking events
-Access to pre-IPO investment opportunities (Anthropic, SpaceX, Epic Games, and more)

The community attracts members from companies like Google, Meta, Stripe, Amazon, Nike, and hundreds more. It's been featured in The New York Times and TechCrunch as building the "YC of angel investing."

Ready to join the movement? Drop a comment or send me a DM and I'll share the next steps. Here's to making life-changing investments more accessible!

Angel Squad helped me jump into private investing with an amazing community of zero a-holes. The support from fellow members continues to amaze me.

I'm grateful for all the incredible people I've met in this community: Peter L., Dimple Kochikar, Dee Zheng, Shankarsun Sahu, Alice Qinhua Zhou, Nalina Murthy, Benjamin B., Aaisha Bhuiyan, Sandy Naidu, Xaviera Ho, CFA, Bart Hofkin, Todd Johnson, Tiffani Rice, Francisco Guerrero, Irina Azu, Kartik Agarwal, and so many others. These connections have been just as valuable as any investment return. Thank you all!

Photo: Recent Hustle Fund's Camp Hustle networking event - because the best investments often come from the best communities… more

View image

8

1

​
View Natalia Bishop’s profile
Natalia Bishop reposted this


View Brian Nichols’ profile
Brian Nichols

  • 2nd

Founder of Angel Squad | I write about startups, investing, and hard-earned lessons | Small Bets newsletter

Visit my website

11mo • 

If you’re in the tech world, you’ve surely heard that Figma went public yesterday. 

In 2013, Figma raised its first seed round of $3.9M from just 6 investors.

Index Ventures led the round, with a $1.8M investment. (They eventually invested $86.5M over the course of 12 years.)

Seed shares were priced at just $0.0878 each, and yesterday, these shares debuted at $33 per share and closed the first day at $115.50.

The multiple of invested capital for Index Ventures’ initial (seed) investment exceeded 1,300% by the close of IPO day—approximately a 90x return. Some sources even cite a 700x multiple for Index based on their total investment, with a narrower focus on just the seed round.

This is Index’s (and Partner Danny Rimer’s) third success story of this year — the two earlier bets being Wiz and ServiceTitan. 

The lesson from Rimer? TAM is noise. See the screenshot to get the full quote. 

Great read >> https://lnkd.in/e4mPC6vD… more

figma ipo fortune article

53

6

2

Show all posts
Experience
Hustle Fund logo
Angel Squad Member

Hustle Fund · Part-time

May 2025 - Present · 1 yr 3 mos

Thumbnail for Angel Squad
Angel Squad

Story Louisville logo
Founder

Story Louisville

May 2016 - Present · 10 yrs 3 mos

Louisville Metropolitan Area

Founded Louisville's first startup-focused coworking space and entrepreneurial hub. Focused on creating a more cohesive and diverse startup community in our region, and providing resources, connections, and education.… more

 Innovation Management, Start-up Ventures and +5 skills

University of Louisville logo
Director of Innovation and Entrepreneurship

University of Louisville

Jul 2021 - Mar 2024 · 2 yrs 9 mos

Louisville, Kentucky, United States

- Responsible for leading and advancing the Innovation and Entrepreneurship umbrella of units and activities for the Hub, including Innovation & Entrepreneurship Training Programs and Social Innovation, industry partnering, student experiential initiatives related to equity and social justice, the creation of a proof-of-concept VC fund and Angel Network, spin-out start-ups, and student experiential initiatives related to University discoveries and health equity.
- Advance Health Equity Outcomes for Historically Marginalized communities through Community engagement-led innovation.… more

 Innovation Management, Start-up Ventures and +5 skills

Renew Venture Capital logo
General Partner

Renew Venture Capital

Nov 2021 - Jan 2024 · 2 yrs 3 mos

As a Partner at Renew VC, I advocate for and fund founders that have been historically discounted because their background doesn't fit the mold. As a firm, we aim to lead with empathy and remove barriers to capital by partnering with bold, diverse founders generating impact at scale.… more

Thumbnail for The Renew Podcast > Podcasts : Renew Venture Capital
The Renew Podcast > Podcasts : Renew Venture Capital

The Renew Podcast is hosted by Renew Venture Capital's General Partner, Mark Hubbard, where he interview other partners, investors and startup founders about their experiences in the Impact venture world.

 Innovation Management, Start-up Ventures and +3 skills

Founder

Level Up 

Jun 2016 - Dec 2023 · 7 yrs 7 mos

Louisville Metropolitan Area

Level Up is a modern education company helping women gain skills to develop their careers and explore their interests by giving content creators the tools they need to share their passion and knowledge live-online and on-demand in a curated marketplace and supportive community.

As CEO I design the overall strategy and vision for the company. A big part of my role is ensuring the company’s fidelity to our mission to connect, educate, and inspire women while achieving both long and short-term goals. Under my leadership, We have pivoted from a regional lifestyle business to a scalable tech company, received over $150k in no-dilutive grant funding, and participated in the top 3 accelerator programs in KY in 2020, as well as been selected as finalists for SoGal Ventures Global pitch competition, Twitch Pitch competition, and winners of Awesome Inc’s 2020 5Across champions.… more

Thumbnail for Level Up-Watercolor Home Portraits
Level Up-Watercolor Home Portraits


 Lean Startup, Strategic Thinking and +3 skills

Show all
Education
Stanford University logo
Stanford University

Venture Capital Unlocked: Silicon Valley

2021 – 2021

Activities and societies: 500 Global

 Startup Development, Strategic Initiatives and +2 skills

University of Louisville logo
University of Louisville

Bachelor of Business Administration - BBA, Business Administration and Management, General

2006 – 2009

 Strategic Thinking

Volunteering (7)

Board Chair

Wild Accelerator

Aug 2019 - Present · 7 yrs

Economic Empowerment

Wild Accelerator is a 501(c)3 developed to holistically support diverse, imaginative, innovative Black and Latinx femme-identifying founders looking to better our world, engaging community, and creating equity for all.… more


Board Member / Co-chair Fundraising Committee

Actors Theatre of Louisville

2020 - Present · 6 yrs 7 mos

Arts and Culture

Actors Theatre of Louisville is an arts and culture organization as social enterprise. As a 501c3 nonprofit dedicated to service, building community, and creating positive social change, we strive to improve the lives of Kentuckians and inspire strategies for full flourishing globally. It is critical to the success of our mission that our services be accessible and inclusive to all, and especially to those historically and systemically excluded.… more

Show all 7 volunteer experiences
Skills (25)
Growth Strategies


2 experiences at University of Louisville and 1 other company

Team Leadership


3 experiences at Story and 2 other companies

Show all
Recommendations

Received (1)

Given

Keionna Muhammad

· 3rd

Building community within entrepreneurial ecosystems | Founder | Ecosystem Builder | Student of Life

January 17, 2024, Keionna reported to Natalia directly

"I've worked with Natalia in multiple capacities....as Manager of Community Engagement at Story Louisville, as colleagues at Amplify Louisville, and she has mentored me with my own startup through the WILD accelerator. Natalia is an extraordinary leader. She pushes those around her to not only think outside of the box but she also pushed me beyond my professional comfort zone encouraging me to have confidence in my skillset while being a forever learner. She has a unique way of teaching and mentoring while encouraging you to trust yourself and giving you space to use the skills she's taught and make thoughtful decisions for yourself. I hope that everyone gets to encounter a "Natalia" in their lifetime."… more

Honors & awards
40 Under 40

Issued by Business First

Associated with Level Up 

These accomplished young businesspeople emerged from more than 500 nominees this year, and they were selected based on their professional and personal contributions to our community. They are accountants, bankers, builders, educators, entrepreneurs, health care workers, lawyers, nonprofit workers, politicians, real estate agents, restaurateurs and nearly every occupation in between.… more

Languages
English

Native or bilingual proficiency

Spanish

Native or bilingual proficiency

Interests

Top Voices

Companies

Groups

Newsletters

Schools

Jason Calacanis 

· 3rd

I invest in 100 new startups a year... get a meeting with my team at launch.co/apply, or learn how to start a company by joining founder.university (our 12-week course). watch thisweekinstartups.com if you love startups

704,609 followers


Follow

Melinda French Gates 

· 3rd+

Founder of Pivotal. Co-founder of the Gates Foundation. Author of The Moment of Lift & The Next Day.

6,713,335 followers


Follow
Show all

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language


English (English)
Antony SalehStatus is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.