0 notifications


Home
8
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
22
Notifications


Me

For Business
Reactivate Premium: 50% Off


Nina Faulhaber

founding partner at Palette


More

Follow
Message

Nina Faulhaber
· 3rd

founding partner at Palette

Los Angeles, California, United States

·

Contact info


Palette

500+

connections

Message

Follow

More
About
🎨 Partner at Palette Ventures. We invest in innovations that make every day healthier and happier at Seed. Products and technologies across human flourishing, future families, thoughtful consumption, innovative solutions and the commerce stack.

Palette portfolio: Martie, Graymatter, Trellis, Iota Body, Float & two stealth companies.

🚀 Early angel: Deliveroo (exited), Away, Public, Ceremonia, Cadence, Kintra, Chillhouse (exited), Brij, Flagship, Proper Good, Chiyo.

✨ Co-founder/vice chair/formerly co-CEO at Aday. Venture-backed DTC brand (backed by H&M and others) on a mission to lift the standard for clothing. We deeply care about creating a beautiful future through better design and better consumption habits. Certified B-Corp with a score of 97.

Previously Index Ventures, Goldman Sachs.

Forbes 30 under 30 (2016), Fast Co Most Innovative Co (2018), and Capital 40 under 40 (2021).

Featured
Post

Q4 highlights... for me, this is one of them:

Hosting our first 🎨 Palette Ventures Founder & LP Dinner right here in LA.

We celebrated our first and second closes for the fund and the creativity and grit we're surrounded by. After moving to LA from NYC (high bar!), I simply love the vibrant and collaborative energy here at the intersection of tech, health and wellness, positive impact, and behavioral shifts/culture 🌞🌎👩‍🎨 The ecosystem keeps on giving. Shoutout to all the inspiring friends and collaborators, especially as friendships and ambitions truly intersect. 

We'll be hosting more things in LA...and hope to hit up NYC and Austin soon 😊

p.s. a heartfelt thank you for making our first dinner so special: Ohana & Co. Ariel Ohana Emily Farshi JB Mitchell (best M&A in town ✨) Crew Finance David Whitcroft Kyle Keeran (best CFOs in town ✨) Adam H. Ali Guthy Alissa Baier-Lentz Alli Reed AmyAnn Cadwell Ariel Kaye Ashleigh Lockerbie Brendan Brazier Carol Cheng-Mayer Daniel Hodgdon Evelyn Wang Vanessa Dew Jessica Walsh Julia Stewart Kari Morris Kevin Ye Louise Fritjofsson Morgan Buehler Zanotti Naomi Whittel Rajul Kadakia Sara Panton Rogier Terri Rockovich Zepha Jackson Dr. Jeff Chen MD/MBA

cc Rana Taghdisi Argenio


156 reactions · 10 comments156 · 10 comments

Post

Venture, done differently... by founders for founders 😊 Pulling off a venture fund in this environment has not been easy, even with a track record that beats >95% of VCs. After a year+ of hustling, making many new friends, and launching Palette's SPVs, we're thrilled that we held our first close. It wasn't the last but it means we're out of "stealth" as a fund 🎉 cc Rana Taghdisi Argenio

Palette Ventures is a founder-led & founder-backed fund investing at the intersection of consumer value shifts and tech at Seed. Here is our recent Mid-Year 2024 Friends and Family Letter. Enjoy 🎨 https://lnkd.in/gcbjK5_g

We focus on a few simple truths:
1 - Consumer value shifts create massive opportunities - an earlier focus on healthy aging and 'longevity', leveling up family life in a tech-native world, clean efficacious products for our bodies and minds, affordability of better-for-you solutions... and many more.
2 - “Consumer” will create outsized venture returns when focus is:
  a - bold and impactful ideas with defensible and lasting moats
  b - raise less $, make more $$$
  c - sexy metrics (even if "cash cycle" sounds boring)
  d - strategic M&A can be *yay* (the things Goldman taught us)
3 - Founders enjoy raising from other founders (above all, it's the empathy)

p.s. happy to share more info if you agree that buying the dip is the wise thing to do 😊 DM us.

p.p.s. VERY grateful to the many folks who are on this journey with us in one way or another... and especially our founder peers & idols we got to back over the years including William S., Jen Rubio, Alissa Baier-Lentz, Steph Hon, Jannick Malling, Jordan Nathan, Babba (Canales) Rivera, Irene Liu, Louise Fritjofsson, Cyndi Ramirez-Fulton, Christopher Jane, Steph Korey Goodwin, Kari Morris, Kait Stephens, Justin Abrams, Katie Wilson, Courtney Boyd Rey (née Myers), Leif Abraham, Jake Duneier, Leonard Picardo and, of course, for me Meg He.


466 reactions · 69 comments466 · 69 comments

Activity
5,866 followers


Follow

Posts

Comments
View Nina Faulhaber’s profile
Nina Faulhaber reposted this


View Ben Fuxbruner’s profile
Ben Fuxbruner

  • 3rd+

Co-Founder & CEO @ Kimba

2w • Edited • 

Today is one of the most meaningful days of my life.
Kimba is officially live, available to order, and we’re announcing $6.5M in funding.

After suffering a critical injury, sleep became one of the hardest challenges of my life. Too many nights were spent lying awake at 2am with my mind racing and my heart pounding, watching how deeply it affected every part of my life.
What started as a deeply personal struggle became an engineering project, then years of research, clinical trials, product development, and thousands of nights of sleep data.

Today, that journey becomes Kimba, and we finally get to share it with the world.
Kimba is our belief that sleep technology should do more than track what happened last night or rely on intrusive interventions.
It should help you sleep better tonight and improve your tomorrow.
By combining sleep science, olfactory neuroscience, AI, and real-world sleep data, we’re building a new category in sleep.

I’m deeply grateful to our dedicated team, researchers, advisors, investors, friends, families, and everyone who believed in us.
Grateful for our $5.4m Seed round that was led by Selva Ventures, with participation from Resolute Ventures, Able Partners, Fresh Fund, Barrel Ventures, Beyond22, Palette Ventures, Supermoon Capital, AIR Ventures, and incredible others.

A special thank you to Kiva Dickinson from Selva Ventures, and to Alison Ryu from Able Partners, for their trust, support, and for helping bring this round together.

Getting here means a lot.
But in many ways, this feels like day one.
www.kimba.ai

Thank you
Gabi Beck, Oded Barel-Sabag, Raanan Bar-Cohen, Michael Hirshland, Madeline Kaplan, Amanda Eilian, Lisa Jacobs Blau, Gokul Rajaram, Tamara Rajaram, MD, Gil Ofer, Suf Kletter, Omer Sher, Nathan Cooper, Rana Taghdisi Argenio, Nina Faulhaber, Grayson Judge, Mike Masterson, Ryan Renker, Ali Guthy, Maayan Cohen, Dror Ceder, David Vise, Joe Ohaus, Yan Piskunov, Steven Segal, Jennifer Stier, Seth Stier, Larry Greenberg, Jeff Karp, Allen Gannett, Neta, Zac Stern, Leor Stern, Darren Youngleson, David Farahi, the late Zaki Djemal, and everyone I couldn’t tag here due to LinkedIn’s tagging limit, thank you as well for your support and belief in Kimba.… more


618

248

40
View Nina Faulhaber’s profile
Nina Faulhaber

 • 3rd+

founding partner at Palette

4mo • 


Congrats Irene Liu and Chiyo!! Looking forward to what Chiyo and Epicured will build together!

View Irene Liu’s profile
Irene Liu

  • 3rd+

Cofounder & CEO, Chiyo | SVP Women’s Health, Epicured | Forbes 30u30 | Bain Alum

4mo • Edited • 

A milestone for Chiyo. A win for Women. 🌟
Chiyo has been acquired by Epicured

When I founded Chiyo, I wasn’t trying to build a food company. I was trying to address a systemic gap in women’s healthcare.

With a background in food systems and policy, I saw how deeply nutrition shapes health outcomes — especially during critical life stages like fertility, pregnancy, postpartum, and menopause. Yet women were largely left to navigate these transitions without structured, clinically grounded nutritional support.

Chiyo was built on one belief: if we want to improve generational health, we must nourish women first.

Today, I’m proud to share that Chiyo is joining forces with Epicured, a national leader in food-as-medicine. Together, we’ll expand access to stage-specific, clinically informed nutrition — integrating women’s health more deeply into healthcare systems, including payer and Medicaid pathways.

Chiyo will remain a standalone brand, continuing to invest in research, life sciences, and partnerships with practitioners and clinics. I’ll be stepping into the role of SVP of Women’s Health at Epicured to help scale this work.

This partnership means:
🤱 More women supported across every life stage
🔬 More investment in women’s health science
🚚 More access — beyond out-of-pocket wellness and into mainstream care

Food is one of the most powerful levers in healthcare. We’re just getting started in proving what’s possible when women’s nutrition is treated as standard of care, not an afterthought.

This wouldn't be possible without our investors & team. Bread and Butter Ventures Mary Grove Ingeborg Investments Anna Mason Peterson Ventures Taylor Jones Detroit Venture Partners Lindsey Kilbride Flare Capital Partners Tara Sullivan Ian Chiang Union Heritage Nia Batts Sophia Bush Swizzle Ventures Jessica Kamada ID Ventures Michigan Rise 1st Course Capital Peter Herz Renske Lynde Palette Ventures Nina Faulhaber Rana Taghdisi Argenio Dorm Room Fund (more tagged in comments)

We did it! Audrey Chen Kyle Stone Laura DiTommaso Lucy Puca Ralph Barga Sarah Hicks (more tagged in comments)

And of course to my family & friends for backing my stubborn desire to bend the world a little closer to the one I believe in. Grateful to Richard Bennett for believing in this just as fiercely. 

Here we go 🚀  Read the full announcement here: https://lnkd.in/exjWXdiN

#foodismedicine #womenshealth #nutrition… more

View image

20

1

​
View Nina Faulhaber’s profile
Nina Faulhaber reposted this


View Jim Phillips’ profile
Jim Phillips

 • 3rd+

Co-Founder & CEO at Graymatter

5mo • 

I sent out our end of year investor update today. Here are the cliff notes on 2025. 

Year over Year Totals
- Subscribers = 10X'd  
- Monthly Revenue = 7X'd
- ARR = 7X'd
- Total Revenue = 17X'd
- Team 1.5 >>> 12

What’s clear after 2025 is that there is a place in the world for Graymatter and it’s up to our execution to determine how big that space will be. 

Some early 2026 initiatives
- New Cacao Flavor (it's awesome)
- Quarterly Subscriptions
- Amazon Launch
- Enable B2B Wholesale for select groups

There's an amazing thing happening with our product reviews but it deserves it's own post for later.  Cheers to Brighter Minds 🧠 & Go Bears 🐻 … more


203

27

3
View Nina Faulhaber’s profile
Nina Faulhaber

 • 3rd+

founding partner at Palette

7mo • 


Excited for Palette Ventures to be part of Graymatter Labs' first institutional round! Graymatter's Bright Mind delivers instant cognitive clarity + focus — a 100% drug-free, natural alternative to popular prescription stimulants.

Here’s to making brain health accessible and undeniably cool 🧠

Let's go Jim Phillips & Novisa M. Petrusich!

cc Rana Taghdisi Argenio, Venrex, Apex Capital… more

View company: BeautyMatter
BeautyMatter

 

Sign up

7mo • 

🧠 Graymatter Labs Raises $1.3M to Make Brain Health a Daily Ritual

Chicago-based Graymatter has raised $1.3 million in seed funding from Venrex, Apex Group Ltd, and Palette Ventures to make brain health as routine as a morning coffee.

Founded by Jim Phillips, co-founder & CEO, and Novisa M. Petrusich, co-founder & CFO of Graymatter, the company’s flagship nootropic drink, Bright Mind, delivers focus and cognitive clarity within minutes—without jitters or crashes.

💡 Insights:
 • Tom Fleming – Founder, Venrex
• Koen Bosma – Partner, APEX
 • Nina Faulhaber – Partner, Palette Ventures

Read more: https://lnkd.in/esX-GnHd

#BrainHealth #CognitiveWellness #StartupFunding #WellnessInnovation #ConsumerHealth… more

View image


40

​

​
View Nina Faulhaber’s profile
Nina Faulhaber

 • 3rd+

founding partner at Palette

9mo • Edited • 


We recently shared our Palette Ventures Mid-Year 2025 Letter with investors and friends. Read on for highlights.

The world feels uncertain — slower consumer spend, cautious fundraising, and policy turbulence. Yet in our corner of the ecosystem, founders are building with remarkable energy. We’re seeing new innovation in 🤖 Consumer AI, ⚖️ Tracking and Health, 🏄‍♀️ Fitness, 👩‍👦 Parenting AI, 🌱 Novel Ingredients, and more.

Market lens:

📈 2025 has seen some blockbuster Consumer Exits so far: PepsiCo acquired Poppi ($1.95B) and Siete ($1.2B), Celsius took Alani Nu ($1.8B), e.l.f. acquired Rhode ($1B), L’Oréal took majority stake in Medik8 (~€1B deal), Unilever acquired Dr. Squatch (~$1.5B), and Church & Dwight acquired Touchland (up to $880M). And of course, there was Figma's at a $56B market cap 🚀

 💸 VC funding is slower (-30% YoY in Q2), but AI-native consumer startups still earn 2–4x valuation premiums.

Recent Palette Ventures News:

 ✨ Welcomed Graymatter Labs to the portfolio — tackling ADHD & cognitive health with a PhD-formulated cognition supplement. Growing 30%+ MoM, 80%+ subscription revenue, and buzzing communities. We are thrilled to be on this journey with Jim Phillips and Novisa M. Petrusich!

 ✨ Martie further expanded into beauty, personal care & home -- reach out if you'd like your brand featured on Martie.
 
 ✨ Trellis Health soft-launched its family health app + and launched the first at-home postpartum lab test.

The Consumer and Tech Shifts Capturing our Attention:

 👶 Gen Alpha already shapes 42% of household spend, far beyond  toys. They shape family choices on food, entertainment, personal care, technology, and even major purchases. Across CPG and tech, the real winners will be companies built for Gen Alpha from day 1.

 💤 With over +44% of Americans owning a wearable, the obsession with the quantified self is undeniable. Tracking, quantifying, and testing have led to a stronger focus on wellbeing, fitness, stress management, and sleep, so innovations that optimize these areas have a real opportunity to win.

📄 Full letter here https://lnkd.in/gqzpbQji

Thank you to our investors, founders & friends for being part of the Palette family!

— Nina & Rana… more

🎨 Mid-Year 2025 | Palette Investors & Friends | Notion🎨 Mid-Year 2025 | Palette Investors & Friends | Notion

paletteventures.notion.site


64

5

2
View Nina Faulhaber’s profile
Nina Faulhaber reposted this


View company: Cherub
Cherub

11mo • 

Last night, we gathered in partnership with Margaret Hines and Sydecar to celebrate all things fundraising at The Hoxton Hotel in DTLA. Thank you to our community of LA funders that joined us last night!

Feeling FOMO? Don’t miss your chance to get invited to exclusive events like this when you join Cherub as a founder or funder and meet your next investor or your next investment IRL. Click here to join today: https://lnkd.in/gzarh4te

#Cherub #founder #funder #angelinvesting #fundraising… more

View image
1/10



39

3

4
View Nina Faulhaber’s profile
Nina Faulhaber

 • 3rd+

founding partner at Palette

1yr • 


In our Palette Ventures Q1 2025 Investors & Friends letter, we dedicated a section on consumers' growing focus on *Healthspan* – beyond the longevity hype.

Why? Our thesis is to invest in new products + technologies that cater to  consumer behavior shifts. In 2025, when budgets are tight, goods are expensive, consumers are cautious, and economic optimism is tamed, health is the category consumers prioritize. Focusing on healthspan (years a person remains in good health) has become a key consumer priority. 

For us as investors, the most exciting opportunities are not cold plunges, raw milk, or trends that come and go. To us, they're:

🛝 Back to the Basics: Nutrition, Movement, Sleep, Emotional Wellbeing + Brain Care: The secret to a longer, healthier life lies in mundane everyday decisions, from what we consume, to whether we work out, to how we deal with stress. And some luck, of course.

🍜 Food is the Foundation: Food is our life fuel, our medicine and our prevention. We’d go as far as arguing that longevity starts in infancy: the food we feed our children sets them up for life. Getting consumers off the standard American diet requires affordable, non-processed, low/no-sugar, nutrient-dense, real food.  We applaud new consumer products that deliver on this (Chiyo, Proper Good), consumer-focused behavior/coaching apps (Noom, Nourish), and AI that facilitates meal planning (Ollie AI).

🧠 Health, Sleep and Brain-Boosting Supplements: As consumers seek ways to optimize health, prevent age-related decline, and extend their vitality, supplements are high on the priority list. We love the category as investors given high margins, high repeat rates & CLTV:CACs/scalability, broad distribution potential + a hungry M&A landscape. From Grüns to Graymatter Labs, watch out for exciting new kids on the block.

⌚️ Tracking, Testing, and Prevention: We have witnessed a massive, generational shift in consumer behavior, as a broader base of consumers moves from reactive, medicinal care to proactive, personalized and preventative care, as evidenced by the meteoric rise of testing for biomarkers (Everywell, Function, Superpower, Lifeforce), MRIs (Prenuvo, Ezra acq by Function), glucose monitoring (Levels, Nutrisense), and wearables (Oura, Whoop, Apple Watch, Garmin, Incora).

📝 Consumer-Focused, Personal Health AI: We see many new exciting companies enabling patients and consumers to take health into their own hands. Our port co Trellis Health just launched out of stealth with its first-of-its-kind Health Passport—holding years of your family’s personal health history in one place, with an AI companion driving precise prevention and care.

Read our full letter here https://lnkd.in/ghR9VPMc cc Rana Taghdisi Argenio… more

🎨 Q1 2025 | Palette Investors & Friends | Notion🎨 Q1 2025 | Palette Investors & Friends | Notion

paletteventures.notion.site


79

4

2
View Nina Faulhaber’s profile
Nina Faulhaber

 • 3rd+

founding partner at Palette

1yr • 


The Consumer Benchmarks (Seed to Series A) *Beauty & Personal Care* Report is out ✨ We loved contributing Kelly Chen and XRC Ventures!

cc Palette Ventures Rana Taghdisi Argenio… more

View Kelly Chen’s profile
Kelly Chen

  • 3rd+

Early Stage VC | Retail and Consumer Industry | Finance and Operations Experience; Currently looking for Start-ups in Health and Wellness, Personal Care, At-Home Fitness, Femtech, and Pet Care.

1yr • Edited • 

🚀 Rhode became the latest unicorn in the CPG space yesterday after being acquired by ELF for ~$1B, roughly 3.8x sales (excl. the earn-out) or 4.7x (incl the earn-out). There's no doubt the brand leveraged Hailey Bieber’s star power ✨, but rhode also differentiated itself by delivering on its promise for performance and efficacy, using science-based ingredients like peptides in its dermatologist-backed formulations. 🧬💡

It’s a prime example of the type of companies we’re highlighting in our Q1’25 Benchmark Report on Science-Based Skincare, an area that both consumers and VCs are leaning into.

🧪 92% of U.S. shoppers say efficacy is crucial
🔬 66% of consumers value clinical/scientific testing
💰 26% of 2024 CPG VC dollars went to science-backed brands (vs. 17% over the previous 5 years)
💄 90% of investors planning to invest the same or more in Beauty & Personal Care this year

Excited to share our report, which covers skincare trends, deal activity, and early-stage sentiment from top VCs in the CPG space!

📊 Check out the full report here: **https://lnkd.in/e-JGdtDr**
📩 Founders—are you building in science-based skincare? DM me if you’re raising or want to connect!

🎉 Special thanks to my team for their support Diana Melencio Andrew Ross &  our VC friends for their invaluable insights! Odile Roujol Maurice Russo Josie Buck Meg Legro Manica Blain Cristina Nuñez Emily Bullman Stephanie Nwokolo Nina Faulhaber Rana Taghdisi Argenio Jun Deng  PhD Rachel Hirsch Catherine Pelton

#sciencebasedskincare #beauty #cpg #cpgstartups #venturecapital #fundraising #seedtoseriesa #founders #xrcproud… more


19

1

​
View Nina Faulhaber’s profile
Nina Faulhaber reposted this


View Estelle Giraud, PhD’s profile
Estelle Giraud, PhD

  • 3rd+

CEO & Founder Trellis Health

Visit my website

1yr • Edited • 

Well sh*t. 
I’m completely blown away by the response to our funding announcement for Trellis Health today. Thanks Femtech Insider, WWD, FutureFemHealth and more for all the coverage and recognition - I’m humbled, excited and so honored to wake up every day to build. 
And, this is just the beginning! 

We’re aiming at the type of health experience that doesn’t just feel “better” but ... decadent. 

A truly personalized, digital care experience upon which you just get to live your life fully, operate your families’ health with ease and ultimately build generational health. 

The opportunity to build Trellis with the people standing next to me and backing us is one of the most rewarding parts.
Nina, Jessica, Rana, Genevieve, Saki, Andrei, Yuri, Naseem - just to name a few. You lead with the bravest bets, you have the boldest hearts, you also happen to be some of the most efficient and effective business operators globally. 
We’re privileged to work with you.

Cofounders are a special kind of relationship. Ryan Nabat, I’m grateful to have your back and know you have mine. Your compassion, insight, trust in us, **trolling and patience with me asking “is x done yet” near daily has been critical as we’ve gotten to this point. I couldn’t imagine building Trellis with anyone else. 🩵 

To our small, but mighty, team - thank you. Whether you were for a short or long time, you’ve collectively poured exceptional buckets of time, energy, creativity, and passion into Trellis. We wouldn’t be here today without you. ✨ 

Lastly, huge thanks to my family for everything they put on the line for this too. Brian assumed the role of Chief Everything Officer in our family, putting everything on the line to support this vision of mine. The support is unmatched and I truly couldn’t do what I do without you.

With gratitude. 
LFG. 🚀

—
Be first in line to experience Trellis - head to www.jointrellishealth.com to stay up-to-date on the latest on our launch and expansion!… more

View image

537

118

15
View Nina Faulhaber’s profile
Nina Faulhaber reposted this


View William S.’s profile
William S.

  • 3rd+

Founder/ex-CEO @ Deliveroo

1yr • 

When people ask me what am I most proud of at Deliveroo, this is really up there.  I'm so proud of people trying to build something great.  It's not easy - you're going out on your own, taking giant risks and dealing with the (very public) ups and downs.  You have no idea if you'll succeed.  But hopefully we, and other companies in the ecosystem have helped generate some level of confidence and inspiration to founders that  - IT IS POSSIBLE.  The flywheel ecosystem of success stories is the most important thing here - it's not just tax rates, it's not just economic incentives - the most important thing is seeing other founders succeed and giving founders the confidence that they can do it - and also imparting the very tough lessons of founding and scaling.  The founders listed here are ambitious, tough and smart - and many of them want to build big global businesses.  Let us all encourage and support them, and hope for many more companies to be founded.  

We obviously missed a lot of names/companies here, so please respond to the original post or here, we would love to learn about what you're up to.… more

View company: Deliveroo
Deliveroo

 

1yr • 

Celebrating Deliveroo alumni industry disruptors 🚀

At Deliveroo, one of the things we’re most proud of is the success of over 50 former employees who have gone on to found disruptive and innovative startups - from fintech and data management to women’s wellness. 

Having all been at Deliveroo in its early days, these founders saw what is possible when hard work, risk-taking, insightful ideas, tech talent and complex problem solving all come together.

Let’s take a look at just a few of them who have created a ripple effect of innovation and job creation across the UK and beyond 👇

🍔 Anton Soulier founded Taster, making delivery-only food brands 

🛍️ Brian L. is the CEO and co-founder of Markato, a wholesale platform for businesses and stores in Asia to source premium brands from overseas 

📸 Daniel Fruhman co-founded Reclip, a social application that allows users to capture and save moments

📀 Dan Warne started Sessions, developing new food brands - a self-described ‘record label for food’ 

💡 Dan Webb co-founded Existent, an end-to-end application framework for spatial applications  

🏥 George Pallis co-founded MANUAL, a digital clinic which delivers healthcare at scale

🏃‍♀️‍➡️ Grace Gimson is the co-founder and CEO of Holly Health, which provides intelligent digital health coaching for exercise, sleep, food, mood and chronic conditions

📈 Henry Crawford started Redkite, a data management solutions service for businesses, which has since been acquired by Accenture

📊 Inés Ures co-founded Real Ventures, an early-stage fund backing consumer brands 

🍕 Justin Landsberger founded Sera, a community for food obsessives 

💰 Mike Hudack co-founded Sling Money, an app which leverages blockchain technology to allow users to send money around the world

🩺 Mike Sterling co-founded Stitch, a health startup improving the patient experience of medical trials 

⚡️ Mina Nada is the CEO and co-founder of Zoomo, a leader in light electric vehicles 

💷 Merten Wulfert and Roy Blanga co-founded Ravio, a compensation benchmarking platform - purpose-built for the tech industry 

💭 sana rao founded Visible Leaders, a consultancy practice for creative leaders and companies

🚀 Simon Rohrbach co-founded Plain, a support platform for B2B companies 

🦄 Sten Saar & Harry Franks co-founded Zego, an insurance provider specifically for delivery drivers, now operating in 5 countries 

🛒 Yusuf Saban and Alberto M. co-founded grocery delivery business Dija, which has since been sold to Gopuff

With so many successful business launches, it’s no wonder that alumni success is one of our CEO William S.’s proudest achievements from the last decade 🩵

Founded a business after leaving Deliveroo, or know someone who has? Let us know in the comments!

#Deliveroo #Tech #Entrepreneurship… more

A graphic showing all of the logos of the brands founded by ex-Deliveroo employees.

499

35

5

Show all posts
Experience
Palette logo
Founding Partner

Palette · Full-time

Jan 2024 - Present · 2 yrs 7 mos

Los Angeles, California, United States

We invest in tech-driven, purpose-led consumer companies at Seed. We back founders intelligently addressing the behavioral shifts that define generations.

Call us contrarian, but we believe in the $29 trillion consumer economy. We're doubling down on the discerning consumer—across Human Flourishing, Thoughtful Consumption,  Future Families, Innovative Technologies and the Commerce Stack.

We look for original, impactful ideas, a tech moat, and a focus on rapid yet capital-efficient scaling. As founders, we've been there and know the power of human capital on the cap table.… more

Away logo
Investor

Away

Aug 2015 - Present · 11 yrs

Cadence logo
Investor

Cadence

Jul 2022 - Present · 4 yrs 1 mo

Kintra Fibers logo
Investor

Kintra Fibers

Dec 2022 - Present · 3 yrs 8 mos

Ceremonia logo
Investor

Ceremonia

Aug 2020 - Present · 6 yrs

Show all
Education
EBS Universität für Wirtschaft und Recht logo
EBS Universität für Wirtschaft und Recht

B.Sc. Business Administration with Law, Finance and Entrepreneurship

2007 – 2010

Singapore Management University logo
Singapore Management University

2009 – 2009

Show all 3 educations
Licenses & certifications
Fast Company logo
World's Most Innovative Companies 2018

Fast Company

Issued Feb 2018

Show credential
Forbes logo
Forbes 30 Under 30 Retail & E-commerce

Forbes

Issued Jan 2016

Show credential
Skills (26)
Venture Capital

Endorsed by Andreas Thuemmler and 10 others who are highly skilled at this


Endorsed by 4 colleagues at Index Ventures

94 endorsements

Start-ups

Endorsed by Robin Klein and 30 others who are highly skilled at this


Endorsed by 3 colleagues at Index Ventures

74 endorsements

Show all
Recommendations

Received (2)

Given
Dariusz Kieszkowski

· 3rd

Associate at Goldman Sachs

October 5, 2013, Dariusz managed Nina directly

I worked with Nina on a number of projects at Goldman Sachs and it was always a great experience. Nina is very smart, hard working, proactive and well-organised - able to put pretty much anything into action. More privately, she also always struck me as an outisde the box thinker and a creative and entrepreneurial person. Simply put, Nina is that kind of versatile person you would expect to excel in whatever she commits herself to.


Meg He

· 3rd

P&L Owner | E-commerce & Marketplace Operator | Options Trader & Educator

February 4, 2011, Meg managed Nina directly

I have worked with Nina since she joined Goldman Sachs in summer 2010. Nina is an absolute delight to work with - she is extremely bright, quick to pick up new ideas and a very hard worker. Moreover, her cheerful attitude, focus and dedication to her job means that her work is almost always exceptional. I strongly believe that she has significant potential and that she will achieve great things in her career.

Publications
Funding Your Startup - Investor Perspective. Guest Lecture M.A. Fashion Entrepreneurship

London College of Fashion · Mar 1, 2014

Show publication
Honors & awards
Forbes 30 Under 30 Retail & E-commerce

Issued by Forbes · Jan 2016


Associated with Aday

Forbes 30 Under 30 Retail & E-commerce

http://www.forbes.com/pictures/mlf45emgde/meg-he-28-nina-faulhab/#59c79373ee45… more

Test scores
GMAT

Score: 760 · Apr 2010

Languages (4)
English

Full professional proficiency

French

Elementary proficiency

Show all 4 languages
Organizations (4)
Likeminded

Co-founder · May 2013 – May 2016

Discussion group of likeminded women working at the intersection of technology and fashion

London Women in Venture Capital

Co-organiser · Sep 2012 – May 2014

Show all 4 organizations
Interests

Top Voices

Companies

Groups

Newsletters

Schools

Christina Farr 

· 3rd

CEO of Second Opinion and GP at Scrub Capital

184,820 followers


Follow

Tina Mueller 

· 2nd

CEO at Weleda AG  | Strategy, Transformation, Leadership

299,319 followers


Follow
Show all

More profiles for you

Rana Taghdisi Argenio

· 3rd

Founding Partner at Palette | Founder at 10 Grove | Advisor

Message

Meg He

· 3rd

P&L Owner | E-commerce & Marketplace Operator | Options Trader & Educator


Follow

Babba (Canales) Rivera

· 3rd

Founder & CEO at Ceremonia

Message
Sophia Amoruso is hiring
Sophia Amoruso 

· 2nd

Founder & Managing Partner at Trust Fund. Investor in Lovable, Superhuman, Eight Sleep, Phia, Liquid Death, Public.com, and 45+ startups. Built Nasty Gal to $100M+. Wrote #GIRLBOSS.


Follow

Alissa Baier-Lentz 

· 3rd

Co-Founder & COO, Kintra Fibers | Forbes 30U30 | Inc. Female Founders 500 | TIME America’s Top GreenTech Companies


Follow
Show all
People you may know

Lucia Hosein 

· 2nd

Chemical Engineering at Rice University

Connect

Anna Esina

· 3rd

High School Student | Finance & Economics Enthusiast | Business, Innovation & Entrepreneurship @ Yale Summer Program | Languages & Global Markets

Connect

Nevo Meir Tapiero 

· 2nd

Co-Founder at Sababa | Retail Fintech & Cashback Infrastructure | Software Engineer | Aerospace & UAV | MEET (MIT) Alumnus

Connect

Yashaswi Pasumarthi

· 3rd

Aspiring Investment Banker | Interested in Finance

Connect

Luke Tjiong

· 2nd

incoming larper @ rice

Connect
Show all
You might like
Newsletters for you

The Monthly AI Recap
The Monthly AI Recap

A curated look at the biggest AI news, updates and breakthroughs from Google.

Published monthly

Google
Google


Subscribe
Technology & Innovation News
Technology & Innovation News

Stay ahead of the curve with curated insights on breakthrough technologies and industry trends.

Published biweekly

Siemens
Siemens


Subscribe
Show all

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language


English (English)
Antony SalehStatus is online
MessagingYou are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.

Compose message
You are on the messaging overlay. Press enter to open the list of conversations.